![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![The House on Punchbowl
Hill](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/ccfimage.jpg)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/entrancelink01.jpg)](index.html)[!
[](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/directorylink01.jpg)](id68.html)[![]
(sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/bulletinboardlink.jpg)](id163.html)[![
](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/calendarlink01.jpg)](id198.html)[![](
sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chatroomlink.jpg)](id17.html)[![](siteb
uildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/messageboardlink01.jpg)](id113.html)[![](sit
ebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/linkslink01.jpg)](id76.html)[![](sitebuild
ercontent/sitebuilderpictures/charliechanlink01.jpg)](id7.html)[![](sitebuilde
rcontent/sitebuilderpictures/thefilmslink01.jpg)](id73.html)[![](sitebuilderco
ntent/sitebuilderpictures/otherchanfilmslink01d.jpg)](id179.html)[![](sitebuil
dercontent/sitebuilderpictures/lostchanscriptslink01.jpg)](id67.html)[![](site
buildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/1935pennsylvaniareferendumlink01.jpg)](id19
5.html)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/castlistlink01.jpg)](id145.
html)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/aphorismslink01.jpg)](id6.htm
l)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chronologylink01.jpg)](id71.html
)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/glossarylink01.jpg)](id233.html)[
![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/earlderrbiggerslink01.jpg)](id74.ht
ml)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/warnerolandlink01.jpg)](id9.htm
l)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/sidneytolerlink01.jpg)](id10.htm
l)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/rolandwinterslink01.jpg)](id11.h
tml)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/jcarrolnaishlink01a.jpg)](id43
8.html)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thenewadventuresofcharliech
anlink01b.jpg)](id393.html)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/familyr
oomlink01.jpg)](id66.html)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/studylin
k01.jpg)](id88.html)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/gallerylink01.
jpg)](id70.html)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/librarylink01.jpg)
](id336.html)[![](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chansundaycomicslink0
1a.jpg)](id75.html)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

**

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

**

**

Illustrated Script:

_CHARLIE CHAN'S COURAGE_

**

**   
  
**

!["Charlie Chan's
Courage"](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couposter.jpg)

**   
  
**

**CHARLIE CHAN'S COURAGE**

**   
  
  
**

**PRODUCER: JOHN STONE   
  
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER: WINFIELD R. SHEEHAN

  
DIRECTOR: GEORGE HADDEN

  
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR: SID BOWAN

  
SCREENPLAY: SETON I. MILLER

  
PHOTOGRAPHY: HAL MOHR

  
CAMERA OPERATOR: JOSEPH LA SHELLE

  
SETTINGS: DUNCAN CRAMER

  
FILM EDITOR: ALEX TROFFEY

  
GOWNS: ROYER

  
MUSICAL DIRECTION: SAMUEL KAYLIN

  
SOUND: ALFRED BRUZLIN **

**   
  
  
**

**CAST OF CHARACTERS**

**   
**

**Charlie Chan: WARNER OLAND   
  
Paula Graham: DRUE LEYTON

  
Bob Crawford: DONALD WOODS

  
P. J. Madden: PAUL HARVEY

  
Martin Thorne: MURRAY KINNELL

  
Alexander Crawford: REGINALD MASON

  
Sally Jordan: VIRGINIA HAMMOND

  
Will Holley: SI JENKS

  
Professor Gamble: HARVEY CLARK

  
Maydorf: JERRY JEROME

  
Victor Jordan: JACK CARTER

  
Louie Wong: JAMES WANG

  
Constable Brackett: DE WITT C. JENNINGS

  
Hewitt: FRANCES FORD

  
Stenographer: LUCILLE MILLER

  
Mother: MARY MCLAREN

  
Child: GAIL KAYE

  
Taxi driver: LARRY FISHER

  
Porter: SAM MCDANIELS

  
Station lounger: CARL STOCKDALE

  
Chorus girls: LITA CHEVRET & SUSAN FLEMMING

  
Leading lady: CARLY LINCOLN

  
Leading man: JOHN DAVID HORSLEY

  
Heavy: GEORGE MAGRILL

  
Prop man: FRANK MILLS

  
Assistant director: SHERRY HALL

  
Eddie Boston: JAMES P. BURTIS

  
Director: PAUL MCVEY

  
Bliss: WADE BOTELER

**

**   
**

**   
  
**

**CHARLIE CHAN'S COURAGE**

_FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT

Dated: March 19, 1934_

**   
**

**Adaptation and Screen Play by: Seton I. Miller**

**   
  
**

_FADE IN:

  
SCENE 1

An effective stock shot of San Francisco through the Golden Gate.

  
FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 2

EXTERIOR JEWELRY STORE - FULL SHOT

The exterior of a very exclusive jewelry store in a smart district. On the
window is the simple legend:_

**_ "CRAWFORD, LTD."_**

_FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 3

INTERIOR CRAWFORD'S OFFICE - MEDIUM SHOT

A luxurious private office. Alexander Crawford, a fine-looking, kindly,
middle-aged man, with grey hair, is _

_on the phone._

**CRAWFORD: ...I'm sorry, Mr. Van Dusen...the ring is eight thousand...all right, sir...thank you...we'll send it to Mrs. Van Dusen this afternoon...Oh, I beg your pardon...Miss Evelyn Fontaine.** _(He scribbles an address)_** ...Yes, sir. Good-bye.**

_He hangs up with a faint smile. The secretary enters. _

**SECRETARY: Mrs. Jordan is here, Mr. Crawford.**

_Crawford's face lights. He gets up eagerly, crossing._

**CRAWFORD: Have her come in.**

_The secretary ushers Mrs. Jordan in. She is a frail, lovely woman of about
forty-five. She smiles warmly._

**MRS. JORDAN: Hello, Alex.**

_SCENE 4

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**CRAWFORD:** _(Affectionately)_ **'Morning, Sally.   
  
MRS. JORDAN: I couldn't believe your message. Have you really found a buyer?**

_Crawford nods and ushers her toward a chair beside the desk._

**CRAWORD: Yes...I was surprised myself...**

_SCENE 5

AT DESK - MEDIUM CLOSE

As they sit down he continues.

_

**CRAWFORD: ...his name is Madden -- P.J. Madden.   
  
MRS. JORDAN:** _(With quick interest)_ **The Wall Street Plunger?**

_Crawford nods, looking at her thoughtfully._

**CRAWFORD: Are you sure you want to sell the Cavanaugh pearls, Sally?**

_Mrs. Jordan nods silently._

**It seems a shame...It's your father's gift...I thought that necklace would be the last thing you'd part with.   
  
MRS. JORDAN: **_(A sad smile...quietly) _**It is. I'm broke, Alex.

  
CRAWFORD:** _(Startled)_** You mean the whole Cavanaugh fortune is
gone...ships...everything?

  
MRS. JORDAN: Yes. It seems absurd, doesn't it?**

_Crawford gets up, decidedly upset.

  
SCENE 6

AT CRAWFORD - MEDIUM CLOSE as he paces up and down a few steps, silent, but
troubled. He turns back to her. _

**CRAWFORD:** _(Quietly)_ **I wish you hadn't let your son take charge of the estate.**

_SCENE 7

MRS. JORDAN - CLOSEUP

_

**MRS. JORDAN:** _(Wistfully)_ **I know...Victor's been foolish and reckless...** (_She smiles up at him)_** ...but he's all I have since Fred went. I'm sticking by him.**

_SCENE 8

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**CRAWFORD:** _(In quiet admiration)_** Still the same good sport.**

_It is obvious that Mrs. Jordan never had much to do with business. She
hesitates, then asks._

**MRS. JORDAN:** _(Hesitantly)_** Did he...say what he'd be willing to pay for them?   
  
CRAWFORD:** _(Nodding)_ **Three hundred thousand.

  
MRS. JORDAN:** _(Startled...at a loss)_** But father only paid a hundred and
fifty thousand.

  
CRAWFORD:** _(Smiling)_** Yes...thirty years ago. That necklace is one of the
finest sets of matched pearls in the world. It's worth a half million on
today's market.**

_Mrs. Jordan's face lights hopefully.

  
SCENE 9

AT DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

Crawford's secretary again appears.

_

**SECRETARY:** _(Respectfully)_** Mr. Madden is here.**

_Madden strides in, followed by his secretary. He doesn't wait for formality.
Madden is over six feet tall, terrifically dynamic and powerful, with iron
grey hair and cold grey eyes that bore through people. His secretary, Martin
Thorne, is small, slender and dapper...suavely efficient...about thirty-
five...a hint of hidden cunning in his face._

**MADDEN:** _(Tersely...as he enters)_** Crawford?**

_SCENE 10

AT CRAWFORD AND MRS. JORDAN

CLOSE SHOT -

The two are surprised at the abrupt appearance. Crawford nods quietly.
Madden's speech is abrupt, almost rude; he wastes no time, nor does he brook
argument._

**CRAWFORD: Yes.**

_He starts toward Madden.

  
SCENE 11

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT as he crosses and offers his hand._

**CRAWFORD: How do you do?**

_Madden nods. Crawford courteously presents Madden to Mrs. Jordan._

**CRAWFORD: Sally...May I present Mr. Madden...Mrs. Jordan.**

_Mrs. Jordan nods. Madden's rock-like face does not relax at all._

**MADDEN: How d'you do...?** _(He abruptly indicates his secretary)_ **....Thorne, my secretary.**

_Thorne bows suavely and silently. Crawford indicates a chair as he crosses
and sits down at his desk._

**CRAWFORD: Will you gentlemen be seated?**

_Madden ignores the proffered chair, crossing to the desk._

**MADDEN: There's no need of any preamble, Crawford. I've come to see those pearls.**

_SCENE 12

AT DESK - MEDIUM CLOSE

Crawford looks at him in surprise._

**CRAWFORD: I'm afraid I gave you the wrong impression. They aren't in San Francisco.   
  
MADDEN:** _(Angrily)_ **But when you told me to come here and meet the
owner....**

_Crawford is slightly resentful, interrupting quietly._

**CRAWFORD: I meant just that.   
  
MRS. JORDAN: I'm sorry, Mr. Madden. I didn't intend to sell the necklace when
I left Honolulu, but I've sent for it.

**

_SCENE 14

THORNE - CLOSE SHOT

Thorne is watching the group narrowly as the voices come into scene._

**MADDEN'S VOICE:** _(Tersely)_** When will it get here?   
  
MRS. JORDAN'S VOICE: Thursday morning.**

_Thorne is decidedly interested.

  
SCENE 15

AT DESK - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**MADDEN: No good. I'm leaving this afternoon for my desert place near El Dorado. After a few days I'm going on to New York.   
  
CRAWFORD: I could deliver the necklace in New York.**

_Madden reaches an abrupt decision._

**MADDEN: All right...I'll buy it if you're willing to take my price...three hundred thousand.**

_Crawford looks at him squarely._

**CRAWFORD: It's worth a half million, Mr. Madden. You're driving a hard bargain.**

_SCENE 16

CLOSEUP - MADDEN

_

**MADDEN: I always drive a hard bargain. Take it or leave it.**

_He stares a grim challenge.

  
SCENE 17

CLOSE SHOT - AT CRAWFORD AND MRS. JORDAN -

Mrs. Jordan turns to Mrs. Crawford, nodding quietly.

_

**MRS. JORDAN: It's all right, Alex. I accept.**

_SCENE 18

MEDIUM SHOT - AT FOUR_

**MADDEN:** _(Nodding briskly)_ **Good...fifty thousand down...the balance within thirty days of delivery.**

_Mrs. Jordan nods acceptance. Madden turns to Crawford, indicating Thorne._

**Thorne'll come over this afternoon with the check and pick up the bill of sale.**

_Thorne suavely addresses Mrs. Jordan._

**THORNE: You say the pearls will arrive Thursday Morning?**

_Mrs. Jordan nods.

  
SCENE 19

CLOSEUP - CRAWFORD

He is watching Thorne narrowly as the latter continues off scene,
ingratiatingly.

_

**THORNE'S VOICE: Ah, yes...and they're coming by...?   
  
CRAWFORD:** _(Interrupting firmly)_** By private messenger.**

_SCENE 20

CLOSE SHOT - THORNE AND MADDEN

Thorne turns to look suavely at Crawford off scene._

**THORNE: Of course.** _(He turns to Madden)_ **I was thinking, Chief...we'll be at the desert until Saturday...he could deliver it there, and you could take it back to Miss Madden yourself.   
  
MADDEN:** _(Glaring at him)_ **You're a fool, Thorne! Do you think I'd carry
that string clear across country and take a chance of getting robbed?**

_(Thorne shrugs) _

_(Madden turns to Crawford...emphatically)_ **I want them delivered to my
offices in New York and nowhere else!**

_SCENE 21

  
MEDIUM SHOT - AT GROUP

Crawford nods. Madden picks up his hat as if to leave. Thorne moves toward the
door. _

**MRS. JORDAN: Mr. Madden...**

_Madden turns inquiringly.

  
SCENE 22

CLOSEUP - MRS. JORDAN

She is looking at him curiously._

**...I don't want any trouble about the necklace. What if it isn't satisfactory? You're paying this huge sum without ever seeing it.**

_SCENE 23

CLOSEUP - MADDEN

He looks at her grimly._

**MADDEN: I've seen you wear it many times in Honolulu.**

_SCENE 24

CLOSE SHOT - CRAWFORD AND MRS. JORDAN

The two stare at him in startled surprise._

**MRS. JORDAN:** _(Uncertainly)_ **I...I don't remember you.**

_SCENE 25

AT MADDEN AND THORN - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden in foreground, Thorne in background by the door._

**MADDEN:** _(Tersely...almost grimly)_ **You never looked at me. I used to be a bellboy in the hotel where you gave your parties...I've wanted that necklace for years. Good day.**

_He turns on his heel toward the door. Thorne opens it and the two exit.

  
SCENE 26

AT CRAWFORD AND MRS. JORDAN - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

The two look after him in stunned amazement as the sound of the door closing
comes into scene.

  
SCENE 27

OUTER OFFICE - FULL SHOT

As Madden and Thorne cross toward the store doorway, Bob Crawford hurries in.
He is a fine looking, pleasant, energetic young man of about thirty. Thorne
and Madden pay no attention to him as he crosses toward the desk, but Bob
gives them a brief interested glance. They exit._

**BOB: Has Mrs. Jordan come yet?   
  
SECRETARY: She's with your father. **

_He enters the private office.

  
SCENE 28

PRIVATE OFFICE - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob enters briskly, closing the door. He has a great affection for Mrs.
Jordan._

**BOB: Hello, Sally---** _(He gives her an affectionate kiss)_** -- has Dad been taking good care of you?**_ (Mrs. Jordan nods. Bob turns to Crawford)_** --What luck with the necklace?   
  
CRAWFORD: Sold it to Madden.

  
BOB:** _(Nodding toward door)_ **Was that him?

  
CRAWFORD: Yes.

  
BOB: _Big_ bruiser, isn't he?**

_SCENE 29

EXTERIOR JEWELRY STORE - AT CURB

Madden and Thorne are getting into a limousine. A taxi is parked about twenty
feet behind it.

  
SCENE 30

AT TAXI - DRIVER'S SEAT - CLOSE

A stocky, hard-faced driver is watching the two men narrowly.

  
SCENE 31

TOWARD LIMOSINE - HIS ANGLE

Thorne gets in after Madden and slams the door. The limousine starts away.

  
SCENE 32

AT TAXI - MEDIUM CLOSE

The driver quickly starts his motor and pulls away from the curb.

  
SCENE 33

STREET - FULL SHOT

As the taxi swings out from the curb following the limousine.

  
SCENE 34

CRAWFORD'S PRIVATE OFFICE - AT DESK - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**BOB: How's the necklace coming over?   
  
MRS. JORDAN: Charlie Chan's bringing it. He's a detective sergeant with the
Honolulu police.

  
CRAWFORD:** _(He remembers the name)_ **Chan...didn't he used to be your
number one boy?

  
MRS. JORDAN: Yes...at the big house on the beach...when Bob was little. He's
always been devoted to me.

  
BOB:** _(Grinning)_ **I remember him. He used to catch me every time I raided
your cookie jar, and chase me out of the house. When does he get in?

  
MRS. JORDAN: Thursday morning, on the 'President Pierce.'** _(She smiles
reminiscently)_ **He's planning to take a real vacation.

  
CRAWFORD:** _(To Bob)_ **You better meet him at the boat, Bob.

  
BOB: I'll do that. **_(He gets up, indicating Mrs. Jordan)_** Is it all right
if I take this good-looking young lady to lunch?

  
CRAWFORD: **_(Smiling) _**Sure, if I can come along too.**

_Bob turns to Mrs. Jordan, indicating his father, as the latter gets up._

**BOB: Will he bore you?**

_Crawford, who is reaching for his hat, gives an indignant snort._

**CRAWFORD: Fresh young pup!**

_As they start for the door, we

  
FADE OUT.

  
FADE IN:

  
SCENE 35

EXTERIOR EXCLUSIVE MEN'S CLUB - DAY - FULL SHOT - "THE METROPOLITAN CLUB."

Two cabs are parked a few feet away from the club. In the rear one a man is
sitting in the back seat. Bob comes down the steps of the club briskly, and
walks out toward the curb.

  
SCENE 36

AT FIRST CAB - DRIVER'S SEAT - CLOSE SHOT

We see the same hard-faced driver that was parked outside Crawford's jewelry
store. His eyes narrow at the sight of Bob. He quickly starts his motor and
drives forward.

  
SCENE 37

BOB AT CURB - MEDIUM CLOSE

The cab stops in front of Bob._

**DRIVER: Taxi?   
  
BOB:** _(Nodding)_ **Pacific Navigation Dock.**

_As Bob starts to get in, he glances casually toward second cab.

  
SCENE 38

SECOND CAB - BOB'S ANGLE

The man in the rear seat (Maydorf) is leaning forward, talking to the driver.
Both are looking toward Camera. They see Bob looking and quickly look away,
Maydorf sitting back. He is a hard-faced gangster type with slouch hat and
dark top coat.

  
SCENE 39

INTERIOR BOB'S CAB - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob gets in with slight suspicious frown. The driver slams the door.

  
SCENE 40

AT TWO CABS - MEDIUM SHOT

Bobs cab drives away. The second cab follows.

  
SCENE 41

INTERIOR BOB'S CAB - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOOTING TOWARD REAR

We see the other cab following. Bob glances back as his cab rounds a corner
and sees the other cab follow. His eyes narrow.

  
FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 42

STREET - EXTERIOR DOCK - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

The cab enters and stops. Bob gets out and gives the driver a bill. _

**BOB: Keep the change.   
  
DRIVER: Thanks.** _(A little over-eager)_ **There'll be a rush for cabs goin'
back. I'll wait for yuh.**

_There is a flicker of amusement in Bob's eyes as he exits.

  
SCENE 43

AT CURB - MEDIUM CLOSE

As the second cab comes to a stop. Maydorf climbs out, nods to the driver and
saunters after Bob.

  
SCENE 44

DOCK - MEDIUM SHOT

The ship gangplank is just being placed in position. There is a crowded bustle
on the dock. Bob pushes through the crowd toward the bottom of the gangplank.
Maydorf casually follows, at no time watching Bob or appearing to be
interested in him.

  
SCENE 45

BOTTOM OF GANGPLANK - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob stops in a position a short distance from the bottom of the gangplank. He
looks casually around.

  
SCENE 46

MAYDORF - BOB'S ANGLE

A short distance from CAMERA Maydorf is pushing between two people, and comes
to a stop casually, watching the crowd, not once glancing toward CAMERA.

  
SCENE 47

AT BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

He looks toward the boat again, a faint grin coming into his face.

  
SCENE 48

BOAT DECK - EDGE OF CROWD - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -

Charlie Chan is squatting down, talking to three little American children...a
boy and two girls...the youngest about three. Their mother stands beside them,
smiling down at the scene._

**CHAN:** _(Smiling fondly)_ **Now we must say good-bye.   
  
TINY GIRL: Please don't go away, Charlie.

  
CHAN:** _(To all three)_ **Sometime we hunt Indians again. **_(He pats the
little girl's cheek and gets up, smiling at mother)_**...my knowledge of
Indians most limited.**

_SCENE 49

CHAN AND WOMAN - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**MOTHER: But you certainly know a lot about children, Mr. Chan.   
  
CHAN: Experience comes with ripe years.**

_He draws a picture from pocket and gives it to her. She inspects it.

  
INSERT:

Picture of a long line of Chan's children, ranged down in size._

!["Have learned much from honorable
family."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/carscript02.jpg)

**CHAN'S VOICE:** _(Off scene)_ **Have learned much from honorable family.**

_BACK TO SCENE

  
He takes out a smaller picture and hands it to her.

  
INSERT:

Of picture a Chinese baby of six months._

!["Added blessing too late to be
included."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/newbaby.jpg)

**CHAN'S VOICE: Added blessing too late to be included.**

_BACK TO SCENE:

  
The woman gives the pictures back._

**WOMAN: You're most fortunate.   
  
CHAN:** _(Smiling)_ **Sometimes have entertained doubts when walking floor.**

_A whistle shrills off scene._

**VOICE: All ashore.**

_The crowd starts to move. Chan picks up his grip.

  
SCENE 50

DECK - AT GANGPLANK - MEDIUM SHOT

The crowd starts ashore.

  
SCENE 51

DOCK - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob and Maydorf watching in the crowd...Maydorf expectantly alert.

  
SCENE 52

GANGPLANK - CLOSE PAN SHOT

Chan appears at the top of the gangplank. WE PAN WITH HIM as he walks down.

  
SCENE 53

BOB - CLOSE SHOT

We see a faint flicker of recognition in Bob's face, then he continues to
stare indifferently at the top of the gangplank.

  
SCENE 54

BOTTOM OF GANGPLANK - MEDIUM SHOT

Gangplank in foreground. Maydorf is watching Bob and the gangplank. Chan
reaches the bottom of the gangplank, looking around, as if seeing if anyone is
there to meet him, then ambles out of scene. Bob gives no sign of recognition,
ignoring him, continuing to look at gangplank expectantly.

  
SCENE 55

AT CROWD - MEDIUM SHOT

As Chan ambles across and disappears in the crowd.

  
SCENE 56

BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob continues to stare up the gangplank a moment, then casually turns and
starts to retrace his steps toward the taxi.

  
SCENE 57

MAYDORF - CLOSE SHOT

A look of helpless surprise from Bob to the gangplank and back to Bob again.
He frowns ominously and exits after Bob.

  
SCENE 58

STREET - TAXI - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob saunters off the dock toward taxi. Maydorf idles in the edge of the crowd
looking back toward the ship, but keeping an eye on the taxi.

  
SCENE 59

AT TAXI - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

The driver is surprised to see Bob return alone. He opens the door as Bob
enters scene._

**DRIVER: Wasn't you expectin' somebody on the ship?   
  
BOB: **_(Grinning) _**Yes...I came down to meet the Dowager Empress of
Siberia...but they tell me she's dead.**

_He turns and walks up the street, leaving the taxi driver staring helplessly.

  
FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 60

HOTEL SUITE - LIVING ROOM - FULL SHOT

Crawford is pacing up and down worriedly. Mrs. Jordan is apprehensive. her
son, Victor, is at a table mixing a scotch and soda. He is a dissipated,
spoiled young man with a pouchy face and flabby shape that shows excess of
living. He is faultlessly dressed._

**CRAWFORD: ...I don't like the looks of the whole thing, Victor.   
  
VICTOR: **_(A contemptuous snort) _**Nonsense! If Madden wants to change his
mind, that's his business. It isn't up to us to question his orders.**

_He samples the drink. A buzzer sounds off scene. All turn expectantly. Victor
crosses quickly to door.

  
SCENE 61

AT DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

Victor opens it, revealing Chan. Victor addresses him with careless
condescension._

**VICTOR: Hello Charlie.**

_There is a flicker of dislike in Chan's eyes._

**CHAN: Good morning.**

_He steps into the room.

  
SCENE 62

ROOM - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

Mrs. Jordan hurries forward, relieved and happy. She has a great affection for
Chan. Crawford is puzzled and worried as he notes Chan is alone.

_

**MRS. JORDAN: I'm so glad you're here safely.**

_Charlie idolizes Mrs. Jordan._

**CHAN: Thank you so much.   
  
MRS. JORDAN: Did you have a good trip?

  
CHAN: Always pleasant journey which ends among old friends.**

_Mrs. Jordan turns to Crawford._

**MRS. JORDAN: Alex, you remember Charlie Chan.   
  
CRAWFORD: Yes, indeed. How do you do.

  
CHAN: **_(Bowing) _**Mr. Crawford always honored guest at Jordan home.**

_SCENE 63

JORDAN - CLOSEUP_

**CRAWFORD: Didn't my son come with you? He was supposed to meet you at the dock.**

_SCENE 64

AT CHAN AND VICTOR - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**CHAN: **_(Apologetically) _**So sorry. Found no one waiting at bottom of gangboard, so I engage taxi and hurry to this spot.   
  
VICTOR: **_(Impatiently) _**Bob probably missed him in the crowd**_**. **_(He
t_urns to Chan) _**Have you got the pearls, Charlie?**

_Chan nods and pulls a worn old money belt from his pocket._

**CHAN: Travel securely around waist. **_(He takes a velvet bundle from the belt, as he continues) _**Responsibility makes them rest heavy on unworthy stomach...like sour rice.**

!["...rest heavy on unworthy
stomach..."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene64.jpg)

_Victor holds out his hand for the bundle, but Chan serenely ignores it,
exiting from scene.

  
SCENE 65

AT MRS. JORDAN AND CRAWFORD - MEDIUM CLOSE

Chan enters and hands the bundle to Mrs. Jordan._

**MRS. JORDAN: Thank you, Charlie.   
  
CHAN: Now most enjoyable vacation begins.**

_Mrs. Jordan wraps a gorgeous triple string containing about one hundred and
fifty large and exquisitely matched pearls. Crawford gazes at them with
tremendous admiration. There is a fleeting expression of regret on Mrs.
Jordan's face.

  
INSERT: Of pearls in Mrs. Jordan's hand._

**CRAWFORD'S VOICE: **_(Off scene) _**It's been so long...I'd forgotten how exquisite they were.**

_BACK TO SCENE: Mrs. Jordan hands them to him._

**CRAWFORD: **_(Gently) _**I know how you feel, Sally.**

!["I know how you feel, Sally."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/.pond/
couscriptscene65.jpg.w300h232.jpg)

_Mrs. Jordan shrugs and gives a slight smile. She is a good loser. The buzzer
sounds again off scene.

  
SCENE 66

ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Victor crosses and opens the door. Bob breezes in._

**BOB: Hello, Vic.**

_Recognition flickers in Chan's eyes._

**CRAWFORD: What happened to you?   
  
BOB: **_(Emphatically) _**Plenty.

  
MRS. JORDAN: Bob, this is Charlie Chan...Mr. Crawford.**

_SCENE 67

AT BOB AND CHARLIE - CLOSE SHOT

The two strike an immediate note of renewed friendship._

**BOB: **_(Grinning) _**I think he recognizes me.   
  
CHAN: **_(Smiles and nods) _**Fondly recall many races from cookie jar to back
door.**

_SCENE 68

CRAWFORD - CLOSEUP_

**CRAWFORD: Why didn't you meet him at the station?**

_SCENE 69

GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob turns to him and speaks quickly and incisively._

**BOB: **_(His words cause interest and alarm in the others' faces) _**Because a hard looking bird followed me down there in another taxi and stuck to me like a leech on the dock. He wanted to go see who I was going to meet, so I didn't meet anyone.**

_SCENE 70

CHAN - CLOSEUP

His face is impassive, but his eyes narrow with interest._

**BOB'S VOICE: **_(Off scene...quietly) _**My taxi driver was in on it, too.   
  
CRAWFORD'S VOICE: **_(Off scene...anxiously) _**Did the follow you back
uptown?

  
BOB'S VOICE: **_(Off scene_**) Yes...but I ditched them at the club...ducked
out the kitchen door.**

_Crawford's fears are confirmed. He whirls on Victor._

**CRAWFORD: **_(Explosively) _**I&nbsp_place_holder;_told _you that something's wrong. **_(To Bob) _**Someone called me this morning and pretended to be Madden. He tried to find out who was bringing the necklace. When I questioned him, he hung up.**

_SCENE 71

BOB - CLOSEUP

Bob realizes there is danger. He is thoughtful._

**BOB: Not so good.**

_SCENE 72

CRAWFORD - CLOSEUP_

**CRAWFORD: **_(Grimly) _**Worse than that. About an hour later Madden phoned from the desert. He wants the pearls delivered there...tomorrow.**

_SCENE 73

AT BOB - CRAWFORD - CHAN - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**BOB: But I thought he insisted on our sending them to New York.   
  
CRAWFORD: That's just the point. The whole thing looks rotten.

  
**

_SCENE 74

CHAN - CLOSEUP_

**CHAN: **_(Quietly) _**Humbly beg to interrupt. You're sure this was the real Mr. Madden?**

_SCENE 75

CHAN AND CRAWFORD - CLOSE SHOT_

**CRAWFORD: Yes...I'd swear it was his voice. I put in a return call to the desert. He was there, all right...and repeated his orders.   
  
CHAN: He offers excuse for changing?

  
CRAWFORD: **_(Nodding) _**He said his daughter was coming from Chicago. He
wants to meet her there and give her the necklace. **

_SCENE 76

AT GROUP - CLOSE SHOT_

**VICTOR: **_(Fuming with impatience) _**Well...isn't that reason enough? You're trying to build up a lot of danger out of nothing.**

_Crawford turns on him coldly._

**CRAWFORD: **_(Tersely) _**Madden stated in my office that he wouldn't carry the necklace...too much chance of robbery. Why didn't he ask us to deliver it in Chicago?   
  
MRS. JORDAN: They're right, Victor. **_(Turning to Crawford) _**But if he
wants it delivered there, we'll have to oblige him, Alex. I can't risk losing
the sale.**

_Crawford nods thoughtful agreement. Mrs. Jordan turns and looks at Chan.

  
SCENE 77

AT MRS. JORDAN AND CHAN - CLOSE SHOT_

**MRS. JORDAN: Charlie...I've asked so much of you already, but will you do one more great favor and take this to the desert?**

_Chan nods and smiles._

**CHAN: When proper person is encountered, pearls will be delivered.   
  
MRS. JORDAN: **_(Quietly) _**I'm very grateful.

  
CHAN: Humble servant can never repay many kindnesses.**

_Mrs. Jordan smiles her gratitude.

  
SCENE 78

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan continues to Bob._

!["...suggest possibility of unknown
danger..."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscene78.jpg)

**CHAN: **_(Thoughtfully) _**Many facts stated here suggest possibility of unknown danger in delivering pearls. Beg to request your valuable help in present matter.   
  
BOB: **_(Promptly) _**Certainly. I'd be glad to.**

_SCENE 79

CHAN - CLOSEUP_

**CHAN: **_(Nodding) _**Thank you so much. **_(He smiles) _**Blind man feels ahead with cane before proceeding.**

_SCENE 80

BOB - CLOSEUP

A grin dawns on his face as he realizes Chan's idea._

**BOB: And I'm the one to be the cane, right?**

_SCENE 81

GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT_

**CHAN: **_(Nodding) _**Most correct. Humbly suggest that you arrive at ranch ahead of time. I follow later with necklace. If all is correct, we deliver same.   
  
BOB: Great! **_(He turns to his father enthusiastically) _**I'll fly down to
Los Angeles after lunch and catch the afternoon train out to the ranch.

  
CHAN: **_(Mildly) _**Tread softly. Beg to recall that hen squats with caution
on thin egg.**

_FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 82

LOS ANGELES TRAIN PLATFORM - DAY - MEDIUM PAN SHOT

Bob strides along the platform towards his car, carrying a suitcase, topcoat
and newspaper.

  
SCENE 83

AT CAR STEPS - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Bob enters and gives his grip to porter. In background, a man and a girl
are standing. The man has a hard, forceful face. The girl, Paula, is decidedly
beautiful, with poise and self-possession. She has a grip and a couple of
magazines.

  
SCENE 84

AT PAULA AND MAN - MEDIUM CLOSE

They see Bob and stare at him with apparent impersonal interest.

  
SCENE 85

BOB - CLOSE SHOT

As he is about to get on the car, he catches sight of the couple and sees them
looking at him.

  
SCENE 86

PAULA AND MAN - BOB'S ANGLE - MEDIUM LONG SHOT

They are looking toward CAMERA for an instant, then turn back to each other.
The man says something, Paula nods. He tips his hat and leaves.

  
SCENE 87

AT CAR STEPS - CLOSE SHOT

Bob mounts the steps and disappears into the car.

  
SCENE 88

PAULA - MEDIUM CLOSE PAN SHOT

As she picks up her grip, WE PAN WITH HER ACROSS TO THE CAR STEPS. She also
enters the car.

  
SCENE 89

INTERIOR CAR - BOB'S SEAT - CLOSE SHOT

The porter is just leaving. Bob tosses his topcoat on the other seat and sits
down with his paper.

  
SCENE 90

INTERIOR CAR - MEDIUM SHOT

Porter re-enters carrying Paula's bag. Paula follows. The train starts. (Sound
effects of starting train) The porter puts Paula's bag across the aisle from
Bob. Paula glances impersonally at Bob and sits down.

  
SCENE 91

BOB - CLOSE SHOT

He looks across. His eyes narrow with suspicious interest.

  
SCENE 92

AT TWO SEATS - MEDIUM CLOSE

The porter leaves. Paula glances across and sees Bob staring. Bob looks back
at his paper. Paula turns coldly back and takes a magazine. We hold for a
moment with the two grimly reading, and_

![Paula glances across and sees Bob
staring.](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene92.jpg)

_FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 93

RAILROAD STATION - MEDIUM SHOT - NIGHT

A small, dingy desert station with the name "EL DORADO". (The town is
practically a water stop...a small hotel, restaurant, a few wooden buildings,
and across from the station, a quaint ramshackle garage, formerly a stable.)
In the distance we see the headlights and hear the whistle of the approaching
train._

_

SCENE 94

INTERIOR BOB'S CAR - AT TWO SEATS MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

We hear the whistle and bell as the train slows down. The conductor comes
slowly through._

**CONDUCTOR: El Dorado... El Dorado.**

_He walks between the two seats, concealing the two from each other. They get
up and start gathering their things. The conductor walks from between them and
they see each other with suspicious stares, and turn away. The porter takes
their grips and exits. Paula exits coldly, Bob following.

  
SCENE 95

EXTERIOR CAR STEPS AND PLATFORM - MEDIUM CLOSE

Platform is dimly lit. Paula descends, takes her grip and tips the porter. Bob
does the same, the two paying no attention to each other._

![...the two paying no attention to each other.
](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/coueldoradostation.jpg)

**PORTER: Thank you, Miss. Thank you, suh.**

_Paula walks around station to road. Bob turns to one of two or three small
town characters lounging on the platform. As they talk, the train starts to
pull out._

**BOB: Is there a taxi around here I could hire?   
  
MAN: **_(Meditating) _**Wal...about the only one is in the garage across the
road, but it ain't no taxi...it's a flivver.

  
BOB: Thanks.**

_He strides around the opposite end of the station from Paula.

  
SCENE 96

BOB'S END OF THE STATION FROM ROAD - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

He comes around the end of the station, heading across the road.

  
SCENE 97

PAULA'S END OF THE STATION FROM ROAD - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

Paula is just handing her grip to a middle-aged character in shirt sleeves._

**PAULA: You can leave it in the lobby.   
  
MAN: Yes ma'am.**

_He exits. Paula starts across the road.

  
SCENE 98

STATION - FROM ACROSS ROAD - FULL SHOT

Bob and Paula walk across the road converging toward CAMERA as if heading for
the same place. Bob is slightly behind, coming diagonally. They catch sight of
each other as they approach. Paula comes to a sudden stop in the near side of
the road, glaring coldly at Bob._

**PAULA: **_(Coldly) _**Are you following me or am I following you?   
  
BOB: **_(Grimly) _**I'm beginning to wonder myself.

  
PAULA: **_(Sarcastically) _**Perhaps we can go from here together.

  
BOB: **_(Sardonically) _**Delighted...where are you going?**

_Paula glares at him and marches out of scene. Bob Follows.

  
SCENE 99

EXTERIOR GARAGE ENTRANCE - MEDIUM CLOSE

Paula stalks into the garage. Bob follows.

  
SCENE 100

INTERIOR GARAGE - TOWARD ENTRANCE - MEDIUM SHOT

A ramshackle interior littered with parts of cars. There is also an antique
Ford touring car. The front corner contains a battered desk and ancient cash
register. Will Holley is leaning back against the wall, smoking a frayed cigar
and looking through a Sears-Roebuck catalog (A Chic sale type). He is a small
middle-aged man, wizened and weather beaten.

  
Paula enters, Bob following. Holley beams a welcome, shutting the catalog and
getting up._

**HOLLEY: Evenin', folks.**

_Paula realizes from his words that Bob has also entered and gives a brief
cold glance back and then addresses Holley.

  
SCENE 101

AT PAULA AND HOLLEY - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**PAULA: Do you run a taxi?   
  
HOLLEY: Yes, Ma'am... sort of.

  
PAULA: How much will you charge to the Madden ranch.**

_SCENE 102

BOB - CLOSEUP

Bob watches off scene, surprised._

**HOLLEY'S VOICE: **_(Off scene...pensively) _**Well, let's see...twelve miles each way...**

_SCENE 103

AT PAULA AND HOLLEY - MEDIUM CLOSE

Holley is scratching his chin, half figuring to himself._

**HOLLEY: ...Twenty-four...a gallon and a half... **_(He announces seriously) _**...seventy-five cents.**

**PAULA: **_(Amused) _**All right.   
  
HOLLEY: **_(Adding quickly) _**...And five cents tax.**

_Paula nods again. Holley exits.

  
SCENE 104

AT CASH REGISTER - CLOSE SHOT

Holley enters, pushes the "No Sale" key on the cash register and it flies open
with a loud crash and jangle of a bell. Holley carefully deposits his cigar in
the money drawer and slams the register shut, exiting from the scene.

  
SCENE 105

AT PAULA AND BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

They are both amused at Holley's character. During he ensuing lines, we hear
Holley cranking and starting the Ford off scene. Bob looks at Paula, amused._

**BOB: So you're going to Madden's?   
  
PAULA: Yes... but you're not.

  
BOB: **_(Chuckling) _**I'll have to...this is the only cab.

  
PAULA: **_(Staring at him in surprise) _**Were you really going there?

  
BOB: **_(Grinning) _**Sure.**

_Paula's eyes crinkle with amusement, then she starts to laugh. _

**PAULA: **_(In apology) _**I'm sorry.   
  
BOB: **_(Grinning) _**You should be.**

_SCENE 106

INTERIOR GARAGE - MEDIUM SHOT - TOWARD DOOR -

Holley stops the car beside them and they get in. Bob slams the door. Holley
gooses the rattly old motor and the car takes a flying leap out of the garage.

  
SCENE 107

EXTERIOR GARAGE - AT ENTRANCE - MEDIUM SHOT

As the car rushes out and swings sharply, the back wheel missing the ramp and
bounding violently down over the curb, roaring away down the road.

  
SCENE 108

BACK SEAT - AT TWO - CLOSE SHOT (PROCESS)

(The ensuing scenes of the ride are all processed against the faintly lighted
night desert. The sound of the speeding rattling motor coming into scene.)
Paula and Bob are half in each other's laps from the bounce, and Paula's hat
is askew. They manage to get straightened out. Paula pushing her hat back to
its normal position._

**BOB: Starts out interestingly.**

_SCENE 109

HOLLEY - CLOSE SHOT

He plays the ensuing scenes always looking ahead, watching the road, but
taking a serious, talkative interest in his&nbsp_place_holder;passengers.

_

**HOLLEY: **_(Seriously) _**It gets more interestin' further on...**

_SCENE 110

AT PAULA AND BOB - CLOSE SHOT

They look in surprised amazement as the voice continues._

**...finest country in the world.**

_SCENE 111

AT THREE - MEDIUM CLOSE SIDE SHOT

They rattle along in silence an instant._

**HOLLEY: You folks newlyweds?**

_Paula and Bob glance at each other in amusement._

**BOB: **_(Dryly) _**No...we've never met before.   
  
HOLLEY: Oh... **_(An instant's pause) _**Well...the desert's a right nice
place to meet. **_(He squints at the sky critically.)_** Too bad the moon
isn't up...the sky gets mighty purty.**

_SCENE 112

AT PAULA AND BOB - CLOSE SHOT

As she speaks, she draws her coat collar more closely around her neck. Bob is
surprised to see a large and lovely square cut emerald ring on her engagement
finger.

  
INSERT: OF PAULA'S HAND on fur collar, showing the emerald ring.

  
BACK TO SCENE:

  
There is a flicker of disappointment in Bob's face. Paula catches him looking
at her emerald.

_

**BOB: **_(With reluctant admiration) _**Lovely emerald.**

_Paula opens her mouth to reply bit is interrupted by Holley's voice._

**HOLLEY'S VOICE: **_(Off scene...Critically) _**No...it's more deep blue...except just after sunset.**

_Bob turns and stares helplessly ahead at Holley, then looks back at Paula,
and sees she is amused. He grins._

**BOB: **_(Quietly) _**You haven't told me your name.   
  
HOLLEY'S VOICE: Will Holley.**

_Paula gives him a flickering amused glance, then looks at Holley._

**PAULA: Thanks.**

_SCENE 113

HOLLEY - CLOSE SHOT

He is seriously steering away and nods._

**HOLLEY: You're right welcome, Ma'am. Everyone knows me around these parts.**

_SCENE 114

AT THREE FROM SIDE - MEDIUM CLOSE

Paula turns to Bob.

_

**PAULA: I'm Paula Graham.   
  
BOB: **_(Blurting quietly) _**I'm Bob Crawford.**

_He ends his words with an emphatic nod at Holley as if saying, "That's a time
I beat you."_

**HOLLEY: Glad to meet you. **

_Bob stares at him helplessly._

**Do you know Madden well?**

_Bob gives up, sinking back in his seat._

**BOB: No.**

_Holley chatters on seriously._

**HOLLEY: Neither do I. He doesn't stay here much. There's just a Chinese caretaker...Louie Wong...and Tony. Louie went into Los Angeles yesterday...he inherited some money.**

_The last words make Bob sit up a little in alert interest._

**PAULA: **_(Amusedly) _**And who's Tony?   
  
HOLLEY: Oh, he's just a parrot. **_(He chuckles) _**The darn thing can talk
Chinese. Folks around here call him the Chinese Parrot.**

_Bob nods dryly._

**BOB: That seems logical.   
  
HOLLEY: Sure it does.**

_SCENE 115

REAR SEAT - AT TWO - CLOSE SHOT

Bob sinks back defeated and silent. Paula looks at him in amusement. He sees
her and grins sheepishly and then leans close to her and whispers.

_

**BOB: **_(Whispering) _**Let's whisper.**

_FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 116

HOLLEY - CLOSE SHOT

Driving serenely along. He points ahead._

**HOLLEY: There's the ranch...them lights up ahead.**

_SCENE 117

AT THREE - FROM SIDE - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Paula and Bob sit up and look ahead interestedly.

  
SCENE 118

ROAD AHEAD - FROM CAR - LONG MOVING SHOT (PROCESS)

About three blocks ahead, off to one side of the road, are twinkling lights.

  
SCENE 119

AT THREE - FROM SIDE - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Bob and Paula start sinking back, there comes from a distance two revolver
shots. Bob and Paula sit up startled.

_

**BOB: Those were shots!   
  
HOLLEY: **_(Surprised and startled)_** Sounded like a forty-five.

  
BOB: They seemed to come from the ranch.

  
HOLLEY: Sure did. Madden keeps a lot of guns there...but I can't figure him
shooting at night.**

_SCENE 120

ROAD - AT GATE - MEDIUM SHOT

As the car slows down and turns in the gate. (In the ensuing exterior shots,
we see that the house is a luxurious rambling one story, Spanish structure,
with landscaping, cactus beds and shrubbery.) The gates are partly closed.
Holley lets the nose of the car push them open and leans out to push the near
gate.

  
SCENE 121

TOWARD GARAGE - MEDIUM SHOT

The garage is dark. The car's headlights swing across it, revealing a middle-
aged man in prospector's clothes, with a bearded face. He has stopped and
turned, crouching startedly, looking toward the lights. He darts off into the
darkness. (The whole scene is just a flash of action)

  
SCENE 122

INTERIOR CAR - ALL THREE - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob and Paula are staring toward the garage. Holley is just coming upright.

_

**BOB: Who was that?   
  
HOLLEY: Where?

  
BOB: **_(Quickly) _**By the garage. A man ran past it.

  
HOLLEY: **_(Frowning) _**Didn't see him.**

_SCENE 123

CAR - AT ENTANCE - CLOSE SHOT

Car stops in front of entrance._

!["I don't like the looks of these goin's on."
](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene123.jpg)

**HOLLEY: I don't like the looks of these goin's on.   
  
BOB: Neither do I.**

![He and Paula get out of the
car...](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene123a.jpg)

_He and Paula get out of the car and exit, Bob taking his grip.

  
SCENE 124

ENTRANCE - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

Bob and Paula enter. Bob pushes the doorbell. We hear it ring faintly inside.
There is a long delay. Bob rings it again.

  
SCENE 125

AT DOOR - CLOSE SHOT

As it is yanked open about a foot, Thorne appears, staring through the narrow
opening. He is a little disheveled and decidedly agitated, trembling
nervously.

_

**THORNE:** _(Snapping angrily)_ **What do you want?**

_SCENE 126

BOB AND PAULA - CLOSE SHOT

Bob and Paula are resentful at his manner.

_

**BOB: We want to see Mr. Madden.**

_SCENE 127

AT ENTRANCE - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**THORNE: He's not home.**

_He starts to slam the door but Bob holds it._

**BOB: Wait a minute. You're Thorne, aren't you?**

_Thorne stops his effort to close the door, staring questioningly._

**THORNE: Yes?   
  
BOB: I'm Bob Crawford from San Francisco. Madden's expecting me.**

_Thorne's manner changes magically. He is apologetic and suavely congenial,
throwing the door open._

_Paula and Bob enter.

  
SCENE 128

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

As they enter. (The living room is very large and magnificently furnished;
low, comfortable furniture, a fine desk, soft lights and a huge fireplace. On
the wall is a large collection of firearms. Thorne closes the door._

**BOB: Mr. Thorne...Miss Graham.**

_SCENE 129

AT GROUP - MEDIUM CLOSE

Thorne is slightly puzzled at the girl's presence but bows suavely._

**THORNE: How do you do.**

_He turns to Bob._

!["I wasn't expecting you until
tomorrow."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene129.jpg)

_(Smiling)_ **I wasn't expecting you until tomorrow. We have to be careful in
an isolated place like this.**

_SCENE 130

BOB - CLOSEUP

He watches Thorne steadily but appears to be nonchalant._

**BOB: I don't blame you. We heard a couple of shots as we drove up.**

_SCENE 131

THORNE - CLOSEUP

Thorne is perfectly controlled by now._

**THORNE: **_(Suavely) _**I thought I heard them, too...That's one reason I was suspicious of you. It was probably someone in the desert...taking pot shots at Jack rabbits.**

_SCENE 132

PAULA - CLOSEUP

She doesn't believe Thorne at all._

**PAULA: You said that Mr. Madden isn't home?**

_SCENE 133

AT GROUP - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**THORNE: No...he's in Palm Springs. He'll be back tomorrow noon.   
  
PAULA: Did he mention the Imperial Picture Corporation to you...about using
the ranch for location?**

_Thorne immediately freezes up into blunt coldness, and from this instant on,
he and Paula clash._

**THORNE: Then you're not here with Mr. Crawford?   
  
PAULA: No...they sent me to ask Mr. Madden if they could use the ranch
Saturday.

  
THORNE:** _(Brusquely)_ **It'll be impossible.**

_SCENE 134

PAULA - CLOSEUP

She is resentful._

**PAULA: But he said in his letter he'd be glad to if we let him know a few days ahead.**

_SCENE 135

CLOSEUP - THORNE

He is grim and terse, as if dismissing the subject._

**THORNE: I know. I took the letter for him, but I can assure you he's changed his mind.**

_SCENE 136

TOWARD DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**PAULA:** _(Icily)_ **You won't be offended when I come back tomorrow and ask him myself.**

_Thorne shrugs with a sardonic smile._

**THORNE: Not at all.   
  
PAULA:** _(Icily)_ **Thank you. Good night.**

_She starts for the door. Bob picks up his grip as if to leave. Thorne eyes
the grip anxiously._

**BOB: Ask Mr. Madden to call me at the hotel tomorrow.   
  
THORNE:** _(Over-cordial)_ **Won't you stay here? The Chief would expect you
to be his guest.

  
BOB: Well...thanks - I will. Excuse me a minute.**

_He puts down the grip and hurries after Paula.

  
SCENE 137

EXTERIOR ENTRANCE - MEDIUM CLOSE PAN SHOT

He joins her outside the door. WE PAN WITH THEM across to the car, as they
speak._

!["I'm sorry your trip panned out this
way."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene137.jpg)

**BOB: I'm sorry your trip panned out this way.**

_Paula smiles and shrugs._

**PAULA: I'm used to a few disappointments.   
  
BOB: You'll be back tomorrow?

  
PAULA: Yes.** _(She looks directly at Bob)_ **I think he was lying.

  
BOB: So do I.**

_They reach the car.

  
SCENE 138

AT CAR_

**HOLLEY: Everything all right?   
  
BOB: We're still wondering.

  
HOLLEY: Umph...didn't see nothin' more out here.** _(To Paula)_ **Like to ride
up front?

  
PAULA:** _(Nodding)_ **Thanks.**

_SCENE 139

CLOSE SHOT - PAULA

As she gets in with Holley. Bob closes the door._

**BOB: I'm sorry that you have to put up at that one-horse hotel.   
  
PAULA: **_(Smiling) _**I'll be a lot happier than staying here.

  
HOLLEY:** _(Nodding)_ **The rooms second floor front are right
comfortable...'cept the one with the broken spring.**

_Paula smiles and turns to Bob._

**PAULA: Good night.   
  
BOB: Good night.**

_The car rattles away. Bob looks after it. He is getting very interested in
Paula. He turns and looks at the house, frowns, and strides toward it.

  
SCENE 140

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - TOWARD DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

Thorne has picked up the suitcase and is eying it with interest. Bob enters
unexpectedly. Thorne lowers the suitcase but continues to hold it. There is
suppressed eagerness in his voice. _

**THORNE: You brought the necklace?   
  
BOB:** _(Carelessly, but observing)_ **No...I didn't.**

_Thorne's face darkens. He cannot help but stare in surprise._

**THORNE: But I understood you to say --   
  
BOB:** _(Interrupting)_ **I came down to talk with Madden and handle the
transaction. Dad's sending the string by messenger tomorrow.**

_Thorne is disappointed._

**THORNE: Oh, I see.... **_(He is silent a moment, as if thinking; then says, suavely)_** ...if you like, I'll show you your room.   
  
BOB:** _(Nodding)_ **Thanks.**

_SCENE 141

TOWARD HALL - MEDIUM SHOT

As Thorne, carrying the grip, leads Bob toward the hall.

  
SCENE 142

INTERIOR HALL - MEDIUM SHOT

As Thorne and Bob enter and cross to bedroom door, Thorne entering first.

  
SCENE 143

INTERIOR BEDROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

As Thorne enters and switches on the light. Bob follows. It is a very
comfortably furnished bedroom. One set of windows open on the patio, the
second set on the driveway and garage side. Thorne puts down the grip._

**THORNE:** _(Suavely)_ **You'll have to excuse me. I was getting some rush work out for the Chief when you arrived.   
  
BOB: Certainly. Go right ahead.

  
THORNE: Good night.**

_Bob nods. Thorne exits, closing the door. Bob stares at the closed door,
through narrowed eyes.

  
SCENE 144

INTERIOR HALL - AT DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

Thorne also stares at the door, expressionlessly, rubbing his chin. After an
instant he turns and goes down the hall toward the other bedrooms.

  
SLOW DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 145

INTERIOR BOB'S BEDROOM - BESIDE TABLE - CLOSE PAN SHOT

In the darkness we faintly see a small clock on the bedside table. It
registers 2:18. CAMERA PANS ACROSS to a CLOSE SHOT of Bob sleeping. A shaft of
light appears across his face. It widens and then narrows. Bob's eyes open,
vacantly at first, then with swift consciousness. He lies motionless but
stares out of scene.

  
SCENE 146

TOWARD DOOR - BOB'S ANGLE

The door is opened about two inches, a light coming in from the hall. It
silently closes, leaving the room dark.

  
SCENE 147

AT BED - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

Bob sits upright, listening tensely. He climbs quickly out of bed, coming
toward door.

  
SCENE 148

AT DOOR - CLOSE SHOT

As Bob cautiously opens it and looks out.

  
SCENE 149

HALL - BOB'S ANGLE

The lighted hallway is empty.

  
SCENE 150

INTERIOR BEDROOM

Bob softly closes the door. From off scene comes the sound of a car starting
in the garage. Bob hurries across to the window.

  
SCENE 151

AT WINDOW - CLOSE SHOT

As he looks out, keeping to one side, so that he won't be seen.

  
SCENE 152

TOWARD GARAGE - LONG SHOT - BOB'S ANGLE

We see the garage in the distance. A large, expensive touring car with the top
up, backs quietly out and turns, rolling quietly down the driveway. It seems
empty except for Thorne. The car disappears.

  
SCENE 153

INTERIOR BEDROOM - AT BOB - CLOSE SHOT

He stands looking into the darkness, his eyes narrowed, his face grim, as we

  
FADE OUT.

  
FADE IN:

  
SCENE 154

INTERIOR BOB'S BEDROOM - AT GRIP - CLOSE TRUCKING SHOT

We see Bob reaching into his open grip. It comes out with a .32 automatic.
CAMERA TRUCKS BACK, revealing Bob dressed, except for his coat. He sticks the
gun in his hip pocket, picks up his coat and puts it on as he exits.

  
SCENE 155

INTERIOR HALL - FULL SHOT

As Bob enters. It is empty. He takes a few steps up toward the other
bedrooms._

**BOB: Thorne?**

_There is no answer. The place seems deserted. Bob turns and exits toward the
living room.

  
SCENE 156

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - FULL SHOT

Bob enters and finds living room also deserted. He looks around worriedly,
then starts toward the patio. As he does so, a metallic crash comes into the
scene. Bob turns, looking toward dining room and crosses to it.

  
SCENE 157

INTERIOR DINING ROOM - FULL SHOT

The table is set for two. A subdued noise comes from the kitchen. Bob enters
the kitchen.

  
SCENE 158

INTERIOR KITCHEN - FULL SHOT

As Bob enters, Thorne in different clothes, is cooking breakfast. He is hot
and disheveled, irritated at having to work. Eggs and bacon are sizzling in
the frying pan, and a large metal pot of coffee stands on the stove. He sees
Bob and his face becomes more pleasant._

**THORNE: Oh...'morning, Crawford. How'd you sleep?   
  
BOB: Like a log. This desert air is something!

  
THORNE: Hungry?

  
BOB: Right.

  
THORNE:** _(Indicating stove)_ **This mess won't be much of a breakfast, but
you'll have to stand for it. Our cook ran out on us.**

_Bob grins, crossing.

  
SCENE 159

AT STOVE - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**BOB: Can I help?   
  
THORNE: It's almost ready.**

_He clumsily turns some bacon over and reaches for the coffee pot, starting to
pick it up. The handle burns him painfully, and he drops it back on the stove
with a crash and shakes his hand, cursing under his breath. Bob is about to
speak when a loud knock comes on the kitchen door. Both men turn.

  
SCENE 160

AT KITCHEN DOOR - CLOSE SHOT

Chan is standing in the doorway. We hardly recognize him. He is disguised as a
poor Chinese laborer, in blouse and pants and old shoes. He wears a battered,
flat-brimmed hat. He looks dusty and tired._

![He looks dirty and tired.](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/.pond/cous
cript160.jpg.w300h372.jpg)

_SCENE 161

AT THORNE AND BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

Bob is slightly behind Thorne. Bob is surprised, and a flicker of intense
relief comes into his face._

**THORNE:** _(Snarling)_ **What do you want?**

_SCENE 162

AT DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Thorne enters scene. Chan speaks humbly and apologetically._

!["Me hungly, boss. Walk many
mile."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscript05.jpg)

**CHAN: Me hungly, boss. Walk many mile. Mebbe catchum food for wouk.**

_Thorne gestures him to "beat it."_

**THORNE:** _(Surily)_ **There's nothing for you. Go on, get out of here.**

_Chan bows humbly and sadly._

**CHAN: Velly solly.**

_He turns wearily and starts away from the door. Thorne turns and exits.

  
SCENE 163

AT STOVE - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob shows a flicker of disappointment. Thorne enters to stove._

**BOB:** _(Carelessly)_ **Seems a shame to turn the old bird away.   
  
THORNE:** _(Almost a snarl)_ **Ah...they're pests!**

_He starts to pick up a frying pan...gets an idea suddenly and quickly puts
the pan down, turning and hurrying toward the door.

  
SCENE 164

EXTERIOR KITCHEN - AT DOOR - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan is shuffling slowly away. The kitchen door flies open and Thorne takes a
step outside._

**THORNE: **_(Eagerly)_ **Hey!...Wait a minute! C'mere!**

_Chan turns back.

  
SCENE 165

AT KITCHEN DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Chan enters scene._

**THORNE: Can you cook?**

_Chan's face brightens, his head bobbing._

**CHAN: Yes, boss. Long time me number one boy and cook...big house.   
  
THORNE:** _(Relieved)_ **You've got a job.** _(Nodding toward kitchen)_ **Come
on in.**

_SCENE 166

INTERIOR KITCHEN - MEDIUM SHOT

A flicker of elation comes into Bob's face, which is quickly concealed as
Thorne enters, followed by Chan._

**THORNE: **_(To Chan)_** What's your name?   
  
CHAN: Ah Kim.**

**THORNE:** _(Nodding)_ **You can stay until our cook comes back...understand?**

_Chan nods. Thorne indicates bedroom door of kitchen._

**He sleeps there.** _(As he continues, he starts dishing up the breakfast)_ **Get out of those filthy rags and put on some of his clothes.**

_Thorne picks up the platter of eggs and bacon, and some plates. Chan bows and
starts for the bedroom, as Thorne adds:_

**Bring the coffee in first.** _(Turning to Bob)_ **No more work. I'm glad I thought of this.   
  
BOB:** _(With a faint smile)_ **So am I.**

_Thorne exits into dining room.

  
SCENE 167

AT KITCHEN DOOR - CLOSE SHOT

Bob starts to follow.

  
SCENE 168

CHAN - CLOSEUP

He shoots a silent, inquiring glance at Bob.

  
SCENE 169

BOB - AT DOOR - CLOSE SHOT

He gives a silent shake of his head and a decidedly warning glance. He exits.

  
SCENE 170

CHAN - AT STOVE - MEDIUM CLOSE

Chan looks after Bob. His eyes narrow slightly. He turns, picks up the coffee
pot and exits.

  
SCENE 171

INTERIOR DINING ROOM - AT TABLE - MEDIUM CLOSE_

_He passes the platter to Thorne._

**THORNE: **_(Dishing up his eggs) _**I'm driving into Palm Springs after breakfast to get Madden. You'd better stay here and meet the messenger.   
  
BOB: Good idea.**

_There is a flicker of relief in Thorne's face, which Chan notes as he pours
Bob's coffee. He ambles quietly into the kitchen.

  
FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 172

EXTERIOR GARAGE - MEDIUM SHOT

Thorne is backing the touring car out. He turns it and drives it out of scene.

  
SCENE 173

REVERSE ANGLE - TOWARD GATE AND ROAD - FULL SHOT

As the car drives out through he gate and turns in the opposite direction from
El Dorado, driving away.

  
SCENE 174

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - AT FRONT WINDOW - MEDIUM CLOSE

Chan, dressed in nicer Chinese costume, with full sleeved blouse, pants, and
sandals, is standing at the window watching the departure of Thorne. Bob is
behind him, also watching. He has evidently been telling Chan about his
arrival. _

**BOB: ---and he looked into my room to see if I was asleep. He drove away right afterward.   
  
CHAN:** _(Turning to him)_ **And two shots sounded like .45 revolver?

  
BOB: That's what Holley thought.**

_Chan nods thoughtfully._

**CHAN: Also interesting that Chinese servant is absent.**

_He looks around the room with careless scrutiny._

**Present location very agreeable place for murder...**

_His eyes fasten on the gun display out of scene._

!["...with plenty
guns."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/coucclookingatguns01a.jpg)

**...with plenty guns.**

_He exits from scene, Bob following.

  
SCENE 175

AT GUNS - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

As Chan enters, Bob following. Chan inspects the array of guns with interest.

  
INSERT: OF GUN COLLECTION - THEIR ANGLE

On a dark wood panel an amazingly complete collection of guns and revolvers,
chiefly of the frontier era, hang on hooks - the rifles on two hooks,
supporting their barrel and trigger-guard, the revolvers on one hook through
their trigger-guard. They range from the huge buffalo gun to a single tiny
single shot Derringer. Beneath each gun a small card is held by two tacks,
bearing the name of the model.

  
BACK TO SCENE: Chan takes a revolver and breaks open the cylinder, inspecting
it. We see that it is loaded. He hangs it up and takes a second revolver. It
is also loaded.

_

![It is also
loaded.](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couchanwithrevolver.jpg)

**

CHAN: Much fuel tempts men to build fire.

**

!["Much fuel tempts men to build
fire."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene175.jpg)

_Chan's attention focuses on the lower right-hand corner of the panel which is
empty, although not particularly noticeable. He squats down and scrutinizes
the corner through narrow eyes._

**CHAN: Observe unusual fact that revolver recently taken from group.   
  
BOB:** _(Startled)_ **Where?**

_Chan indicates the corner. Bob kneels down beside it.

  
INSERT: OF CORNER

Chan's hand is in scene, indicating three holes in the wood...one large and
two small ones below, and finger streaks in the fine field of dust, as he
speaks._

**CHAN'S VOICE:** _(Off scene)_ **Hook and two tack removed...fingers making marks in dust collected since servant left.**

_BACK TO SCENE:_

**BOB: Might have collected some time ago.   
  
CHAN:** _(Shaking head)_ **Highly polished guns indicate frequent cleaning.**

_Chan comes upright, Bob following._

**BOB:** _(Staring at him)_ **Do you think Thorne could have killed Madden? This trip to Palm Springs may be a stall until the necklace comes.   
  
CHAN:** _(Shrugging)_ **Most convenient method of obtaining same. At
breakfast, Thorne is most anxious about time of arrival.** _(He looks keenly
around the room and starts for the hall)_ **Suggest we investigate owner's
bedroom.**

_SCENE 176

LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

As the two cross toward the hall, Chan's eyes scrutinize the furniture and
walls. They exit into hall.

  
SCENE 177

INTERIOR HALL - FULL SHOT

They hurry along the hall and enter Madden's bedroom.

  
SCENE 178

INTERIOR MADDEN'S BEDROOM - FULL SHOT

Chan scrutinizes the furniture, then studies the walls. His eyes narrow. He
turns to scrutinize a large rectangular painting of a lovely river scene which
hangs on the side wall beyond the foot of the bed. The side of the bed is
against the wall._

**CHAN:** _(Mildly)_ **Note that painted river starts moving again after long time standing still.**

_Bob is puzzled. Chan indicates the end wall. Bob turns to look.

  
INSERT: OF WALL - THEIR ANGLE

We see a large faint rectangle lighter than the plaster wall around it, where
the plaster has been protected by the picture.

  
BACK TO SCENE:

As Chan crosses to the painting.

  
SCENE 179

AT PAINTING - CLOSE SHOT

Chan examines the picture as Bob enters scene. He pulls the picture out,
starting to look at its back, then sees something on the wall behind it. He
quickly pulls the picture aside, indicating wall.

  
INSERT: OF WALL WITH PICTURE PULLED AWAY

The plaster has been shattered by a large size bullet hole._

**CHAN'S VOICE: One of bullets accounted for.**

_BACK TO SCENE:

Chan replaces the picture and turns, looking around the room. He exits.

  
SCENE 180

BEDROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan crosses, studying floor and furniture in relation to the picture. He
looks at the bed - then pulls it aside, looking at the rug. His face gets
grim._

**CHAN: Bed also hastily moved to cover crime.**

_Bob crosses quickly. They look at floor.

  
INSERT: OF FLOOR

A large ugly pool has dried on the light colored carpet._

**CHAN'S VOICE: Second bullet reposing in victim.**

_BACK TO SCENE:

Bob is slightly dazed at this actual proof of the crime._

**BOB: Then Madden must have been lying in here when Thorne came to the door! No wonder he didn't want to let us in!   
  
CHAN:** _(Nodding)_ **Took body away in car last night.** _(An ominous note)_
**Suggest patiently waiting for gentleman's return.**

_As they look at each other, we FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 181

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - DAY - AT CLOCK - CLOSE TRUCK SHOT -

An antique clock shows 12:30. I ticks with maddening slowness. THE CAMERA
TRUCKS BACK TO A MEDIUM SHOT. Bob _

_is pacing up and down, his face grim. He suddenly stops and turns, as he
hears an approaching car slow down, turning in _

_at the gate. Bob strides toward the front door and exits.

  
SCENE 182

EXTERIOR FRONT DOOR - CLOSE SHOT

As Bob comes out, he comes to a dazed stop, staring off scene.

  
SCENE 183

TOWARDS DRIVEWAY - BOB'S ANGLE

Getting out of the car, and striding toward CAMERA, is Madden himself, not
only alive, but hale and hearty. Thorne is lifting two handbags out of the
back seat.

  
SCENE 184

AT BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE PAN SHOT

As Madden enters scene extending his hand cordially._

**MADDEN:** _(His brisk driving self)_ **Crawford?**

_Bob nods, shaking hands, unable to find words._

**MADDEN: I'm sorry I wasn't here to receive you...didn't expect anyone until today. Thorne make you comfortable?**

_As he speaks the last sentence, he goes on inside, Bob moving with him._

**BOB: Yes.**

_Thorne follows with the grips.

  
SCENE 185

INTERIOR LIVINNG ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

As they enter. Thorne follows and exits toward the bedroom.

  
SCENE 186

AT MADDEN AND BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden scrutinizes Bob._

**MADDEN:** _(Bluntly)_ **Thorne says you didn't bring the necklace.**

_Bob hesitates. He is still trying to recover...trying to figure out this
surprising turn of events._

**BOB: No...it's coming today.   
  
MADDEN:** _(His eyes narrowly)_ **Was here any particular object in your
coming ahead?

  
BOB: Well...yes. We can't be too careful on a big deal like this. Your
changing your mind had us worried.

  
MADDEN:** _(Snorting angrily)_ **Nonsense! I told your father twice on the
phone I wanted it down here.

  
BOB:** _(Slightly resentful...stiffly)_ **You gave us very definite
instructions about New York.**

_Madden sees Bob's resentment and chuckles._

**MADDEN: Well, you don't need to worry any more. It's my responsibility the minute you turn it over.**

_As Madden speaks, Thorne enters.

  
SCENE 187

TOWARD DINING ROOM - MEDIUM CLOSE

Chan comes in from the kitchen carrying an armful of firewood. He looks off
scene and comes to a stop.

  
SCENE 188

LIVING ROOM - HIS ANGLE

We see a side view of Madden's face.

  
SCENE 189

AT CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

He shows no surprise except that his eyes narrow slightly. He exits toward
fireplace.

  
SCENE 190

LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan crosses, paying no attention to the others. Madden looks at him, then
stares at Thorne._

**MADDEN: Who's this?**

!["A new cook I got to take Louie's place."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpic
tures/.pond/couscript190.jpg.w300h231.jpg)

**THORNE:** _(Carelessly)_ **A new cook I got to take Louie's place.** _(Turning to Chan, indicating Madden)_ **This is your boss, Ah Kim.   
  
CHAN:** _(Bobbing humbly)_ **Glad to see you, Boss.**

_Madden nods. Chan turns back and piles the wood in the holder. Madden turns
tersely to Bob._

**MADDEN: Excuse me while I clean up. Come along, Thorne.**

_The two exit into the hall, Bob and Chan looking after them.

  
SCENE 191

BOB AND CHAN - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob turns to Chan, helplessly._

**BOB:** _(Speaking quickly in a low voice)_ **He's alive...who on earth was killed?   
  
CHAN: **_(Staring thoughtfully toward hall) _**Answer would be of most
importance.

  
BOB:** _(Frowning...shrugs)_ **I hate to do it, but it looks like we've got to
deliver the pearls.

  
CHAN:** _(Firmly)_ **Humbly take upon myself responsibility of refusing to do
so.

  
BOB:** _(Surprised)_ **Why?

  
CHAN: Promise was given Mrs. Jordan to protect necklace until time of safe
delivery. Disturbing facts continue to suggest danger.

  
BOB:** _(Staring)_ **What now?**

_SCENE 192

CHAN - CLOSEUP_

**CHAN: Both men tell lies. They do not come from Palm Springs.**

_SCENE 193

BOB - CLOSEUP

Bob stares at him, startled, suddenly tense at this news._

**BOB: How do you know?**

_SCENE 194

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**CHAN: **_(Shrugging) _**To said place and back is ninety miles. Brazenly took liberty of examining car speedometer this morning and now. Amazing instrument shows trip of forty-four miles.**

_Bob is silent and perturbed. Chan adds quietly: _

**Suggest Madden hoo-mali-mali until mystery cleared away.**

_Bob looks over at him evenly, thinking it over._

**BOB: Stall him along, eh?** _(He nods grimly)_ **All right, Charlie...I'm with you.   
  
CHAN: Thank you so much.**

_He turns and ambles out of scene.

  
SCENE 195

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan exits into dining room. The doorbell buzzes off scene. Bob turns
curiously and crosses to the door.

  
SCENE 196

AT DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Bob opens it, revealing Paula in a cool smart white outfit. There is a look
of grim determination on her face. The glare changes to a surprised smile._

**PAULA: Oh...hello.**

_As she comes in, Bob chuckles._

**BOB: All girded for battle, eh?   
  
PAULA: Yes. Is he here?**

_Bob nods.

  
SCENE 197

LIVING ROOM - TOWARD HALL

MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**BOB'S VOICE:** _(Off scene)_ **I'll ask him to see you.**

_As he speaks, Madden enters from the hall. A look of surprise and annoyance
as he sees the two. He exits toward them.

  
SCENE 198

AT GROUP - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob introduces the two.

_

**BOB: This is Mr. Madden...Miss Graham.   
  
MADDEN: Oh yes...you wrote me about using the ranch.

**

!["Oh yes...you wrote me about using the ranch."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuild
erpictures/.pond/couscriptscene198.jpg.w300h223.jpg)

**

PAULA: Mr. Thorne said you'd changed your mind.

  
MADDEN: He was right. It'll be impossible.

**

_Paula looks at him coldly with a little resentment._

**PAULA: I'm sorry. It means a black mark against me with the company. I promised them they could have it and they've made all their arrangements, except the date.   
  
MADDEN:** _(With a slight smile)_ **You were a little premature, weren't
you?**

_SCENE 199

PAULA - CLOSEUP_

**PAULA:** _(Swiftly)_ **I don't know why. I had the word of P. J. Madden...**

_SCENE 200

MADDEN - CLOSEUP

Madden looks at her with a glint of admiration, as she continues:_

**PAULA'S VOICE:** _(Off scene - continuing)_ **...perhaps I was foolish in believing the old rumor that it's never been broken.**

_SCENE 201

AT GROUP - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden looks at her in grim amusement for an instant.

_

**MADDEN: I'm not licked very often, young lady...but you win.**

_Paula gives him a relieved smile._

**PAULA: Thank you.**

_SCENE 202

LIVING ROOM - AT HALL ENTRANCE

As Madden continues, Thorne enters. He gives a frown of acute displeasure at
Madden's words._

**MADDEN'S VOICE:** _(Off scene)_ **I'm leaving Saturday night for Chicago. You can use the ranch on Sunday.**

_Thorne, fuming, exits toward the group.

  
SCENE 203

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT - TOWARD DOOR

As Thorne approaches the group, Paula prepares to leave._

**PAULA:** _(To Madden)_ **I'll wire the company right away.**

_Madden nods. As she turns to the door, she gives Thorne a mockingly sweet
smile._

**PAULA: How do you do, Mr. Thorne.**

_Thorne bows stiffly.

  
Paula and Bob exit.

  
SCENE 204

EXTERIOR ENTRANCE - AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE TRUCK SHOT -

Holley's Ford is standing in the drive. Paula has driven it out alone. WE
TRUCK WITH THEM AS THEY WALK slowly to the car. Bob looks at her
thoughtfully._

**BOB: I suppose he tells you you're beautiful.   
  
PAULA:** _(Surprised)_ **Who?**

_Bob gloomily indicates her hand._

**BOB: Your fiancee. That ring means you're engaged, I suppose.**

_SCENE 205

PAULA - CLOSE SHOT

Paula glances at the ring, and then looks back at him, her eyes twinkle in
amusement._

**PAULA: It does look that way, doesn't it?**

_SCENE 206

AT TWO - CLOSE SHOT

Bob grins and shakes his head._

**BOB: Don't tell me you're marrying a movie actor?   
  
PAULA:** _(Laughing)_ **Of course not. He's really very nice.**

_Bob nods._

**BOB: I imagine I'd dislike him marvelously. What's his name... **_(Disparagingly) _**...Wilbur?**

_They are at the car. Bob opens the door. Paula frowns at him disapprovingly._

**PAULA: Certainly not...it's Jack.   
  
BOB:** _(Grunting)_ **He's still Wilbur to me!**

_SCENE 207

AT CAR - CLOSE SHOT

As Paula gets in laughing and sits down, Bob shuts the door and leans on it,
looking at her sadly._

**BOB:** _(Shaking his head)_ **The idea of a girl like you getting married. Here you are roaming free and happy, around the desert and hills and canyons...and you want to tie yourself down to a two-room apartment and a gas range.   
  
PAULA:** _(Amusedly)_ **We might be able to afford a maid.

  
BOB:** _(Shaking his head)_ **It would still be terrible.** _(With feeling)_
**Imagine mending Wilbur's socks!

  
PAULA: I tell you his name is Jack.

  
BOB:** _(Quickly)_ **What of it? He'll be just as hard on the socks.**

_SCENE 208

PAULA - CLOSEUP

She looks at him with mock seriousness._

**PAULA: There's something in what you say.**

_SCENE 209

BOB - CLOSEUP_

**BOB:** _(Shaking his head, gloomily)_ **I've only scratched the surface.**

_SCENE 210

AT TWO - CLOSE SHOT

Paula laughs and shakes her head._

!["You'll have to tell me the rest
later."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene210.jpg)

**PAULA: You'll have to tell me the rest later.** _(She starts the car motor)_ **I've got to get back and send that telegram.   
  
BOB:** _(Nodding)_ **All right.** _(With sudden interest)_ **Is Wilbur bald-
headed?**

_Paula gives him an angry stare and drives abruptly out of scene, and Bob
grins after her, as WE FADE OUT.

  
FADE IN:

  
SCENE 211

KITCHEN - MEDIUM SHOT - NIGHT

The kitchen is spic and span. Chan with an apron still around his waist has
just finished work. He is carrying a last stack of dishes across to the
cupboard.

  
SCENE 212

AT CUPBOARD - CLOSE SHOT

He sets the dishes into the cupboard with an emphatic disgusted bang, pushes
the door shut. He wipes his sleeve across his hot forehead and gives a sigh of
relief._

**MADDEN'S VOICE: **_(Off scene, bellowing furiously) _**Crawford!**

_Chan's eyes narrow. He hurriedly exits.

  
SCENE 213

KITCHEN - AT DOOR TO DINING ROOM - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Chan enters, he pushes the door open an inch and listens.

  
SCENE 214

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Madden is pacing up and down, seething with anger, chewing on a cigar. Bob
enters from the hall.

_

**BOB: Yes?**

_He crosses toward Madden. The latter savagely flings his cigar in the
fireplace._

**MADDEN: I'm getting fed up with this delay. What's become of that messenger?!**

_SCENE 215

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE_

**BOB: I don't know. He ought...**

_Madden interrupts angrily as he exits from scene, his voice coming back._

**MADDEN:** _(Interrupting)_ **I'm going to call your father and find out!**

_Bob is startled and alarmed. He exits out of the scene after Madden.

  
SCENE 216

AT PHONE - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Madden enters._

**MADDEN: What's his home number?**

_Bob enters scene speaking casually, sitting down at the phone and picking up
receiver, as he speaks._

**BOB: I'll call him for you. **_(Into phone) _**Get me San Francisco...Montrose 3531.**

_FAST PAN DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 217

INTERIOR CRAWFORD LIBRARY - AT CHAIR - MEDIUM CLOSE

small section of a richly furnished room. Crawford in a dressing gown, is
reading. The phone is on a small table by the chair. It rings. Crawford picks
it up._

**CRAWFORD: Hello?**

_SCENE 218

AT MADDEN AND BOB - CLOSE SHOT

He sits up, startled._

**CRAWFORD: Why, he left...**

_SCENE 220

AT MADDEN AND BOB - CLOSE SHOT

Bob speaks quickly, faking startled surprise._

**BOB: He didn't?**

_Madden rages.

  
SCENE 221

CRAWFORD - CLOSE SHOT

He stares at the phone, frowning, realizing there is something wrong. He
speaks in a low voice, guardedly._

**CRAWFORD: You mean Chan hasn't shown up at all?**

_SCENE 222

AT BOB AND MADDEN - CLOSE SHOT

Bob sees a chance to get over a message to his father. He glances up at Madden
as he replies, emphasizing the first word. It looks as if he is speaking about
Madden. _

**BOB: _Yes_.....but he's been worried under the circumstances...so have I... **_(He appears resentful) _**Why didn't you let us know he wouldn't get here till Sunday?**

_He emphasizes the word "Sunday" hoping his father will get the idea. Madden
is purple, glaring at Bob._

**MADDEN:** _(Bellowing)_ **Sunday?!** _(He grabs the phone)_ **Let me have that phone! **_(He bellows into it) _**Look here, Crawford. What do you mean you haven't started that necklace yet?!**

_SCENE 223

CRAWFORD - CLOSE SHOT

We see that he has gotten Bob's message. He thinks fast, and speaks with mild
apology._

**CRAWFORD: I'm terribly sorry, Mr. Madden...it was unavoidable. One of the strings broke when it was being cleaned. I'm having them re-strung on...**

_SCENE 224

AT MADDEN AND BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden interrupts furiously, almost shouting:_

**MADDEN: Just a minute, Crawford! Can you understand the English language? Who asked you to have 'em cleaned...re-strung...keep still! I'll talk!** _(He does not notice the relief in Bob's face)_ **I told you I wanted 'em today! At once! I've a good mind to call the whole thing off!**

_Bob holds his breath.

  
SCENE 225

CRAWFORD - CLOSE SHOT

_

**CRAWFORD:** _(Gently)_ **I'm sorry. They'll be ready late tomorrow. The best I can do is deliver them Sunday...if you still want them.**

_SCENE 226

AT MADDEN AND BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden controls himself with an effort.

_

**MADDEN: Well...I guess I'll have to wait...if you promise to have them here.** _(A pause...he nods grimly)_ **All right...but this is the last time I deal with _you_, my friend!**

_He slams up the receiver.

  
SCENE 227

CHAN - AT KITCHEN DOOR - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan gives a slight smile and nod of approval and ambles away from the door
into the kitchen.

  
SCENE 228

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob gets up from the phone, shrugging.

_

**BOB: Tough luck.   
  
MADDEN:** _(Grunting angrily...speaking bluntly)_ **There's no use waiting up
any longer. You'll excuse me, Crawford.**

_He strides out into the hall. Bob looks after him with a faint smile, then
turns and starts to pick up a magazine, when he is suddenly frozen with
horror. Into scene comes a terrifying scream and blood curdling call for
help._

**VOICE:** _(Screaming - half-choked)_ **HELP! HELP! MURDER! Put down that gun!**

_The scream comes from the patio. Bob makes a lunge through the screen doors.
The screaming covers his rush, stopping as he exits.

  
SCENE 229

PATIO - MEDIUM SHOT

It is dark, except for soft lights through windows. It contains comfortable
wicker furniture and potted plants. It is empty as Bob bursts out.

  
SCENE 230

AT BOB - CLOSE SHOT

Bob looks searchingly around. The scream comes again almost in his ears._

**VOICE: HELP! MURDER!**

_Bob wheels startedly.

  
SCENE 231

PARROT ON PERCH - BOB'S ANGLE

A close shot of a huge vari-colored parrot sitting on a perch in the shadows.
It cocks its head on one side, looking curiously at Bob and says in a normal
voice._

**PARROT: Hello.**

_SCENE 232

INTERIOR PATIO - MEDIUM SHOT

Madden, Thorne and Chan rush into the patio from different directions, Madden
through the screen door. Thorne is agitated and trembling like a leaf.

  
SCENE 233

AT MADDEN AND BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden turns to Bob, strangely apologetic and pleasant, anxious to explain._

![Madden turns to Bob, strangely apologetic...](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilder
pictures/couimagetonysoutburst.jpg)

_SCENE 234

CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

He is watching the group narrowly._

**MADDEN'S VOICE:** _(Off scene)_ **He goes on a tear like that every once in a while when he gets excited.**

_SCENE 235

THORNE - CHAN'S ANGLE - CLOSE SHOT

Thorne is still trembling, making an effort to control an unnatural startled
fear.

  
SCENE 236

AT BOB AND MADDEN - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**BOB:** _(Seemingly suspicious)_ **He certainly gave me a terrific jolt.**

_There seems to be relief in Madden's face. He chuckles congenially._

**MADDEN: I can imagine. He's had a pretty scarlet past knocking around sailor's dives. A sea captain gave him to me five years ago.**

_SCENE 237

PARROT - CLOSE SHOT

The parrot blinks solemnly at the group.

_

**PARROT: Don't crowd gentlemen...one at a time, please.**

_SCENE 238

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT_

**MADDEN:** _(Chuckling)_ **_That _goes back to his bedroom days.**

_He looks at the parrot critically and nods._

**MADDEN: He's calmed down now.** _(Admonishingly)_ **Behave yourself, Tony.**

_SCENE 239

PARROT - CLOSE SHOT

He blinks and cocks his head, speaking in a very high, coy, female voice.

_

**PARROT: Oh, Hon-ey...not tonight.....please.**

_SCENE 240

AT GROUP - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob can't restrain a grin.

_

**BOB: He seems to have been everywhere.**

_Madden chuckles._

**MADDEN: I don't doubt it. Good night.** _(He turns to Thorne tersely)_ **Come along, Thorne. I'll sign those letters before I turn in.**

_He goes into the house. Thorne starts to follow reluctantly.

  
SCENE 241

PARROT - CLOSE SHOT

_

**PARROT: **_(In a sing song voice) _**Sung kai low hop.**

_SCENE 242

CHAN - CLOSEUP

Chan's eyes gleam with sudden interest, but he is casual as he replies.

_

!["Gee fung low
hop."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscript05parrot.jpg)

**CHAN: Gee fung low hop.**

_SCENE 243

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

Thorne who has come to a stop and whirls about angrily, glaring at Chan._

**THORNE:** _(Angrily)_ **That's enough, Ah Kim! Don't get him excited again! Leave him alone!**

_Chan bobs apologetically._

**CHAN: Solly, Boss. Funny pallot. Him talk Chinese.**

_Thorne nods impatiently._

**THORNE:** _(Tersely)_ **Yes, of course. You won't be needed any more. Go on to bed.**

!["You won't be needed any more.  Go on to
bed."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene243.jpg)

_Chan bows humbly and disappears in the direction of the kitchen in the
darkness._

**THORNE:** _(To Bob)_ **Good night, Crawford.   
  
BOB: Good night.**

_Thorne goes inside. Bob takes another thoughtful glance at the parrot.

  
FADE OUT.

  
FADE IN:

  
SCENE 244

KITCHEN - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan has been washing dishes. As we come to scene, he gathers the frying pans
off the stove and carries them to the sink.

  
SCENE 245

AT SINK - MEDIUM CLOSE

  
Chan enters. He sighs and starts to wash a frying pan, glancing out the
window. He stops, tensely alert, staring.

  
SCENE 246

PATIO - THROUGH WINDOW - CHAN'S ANGLE

We see the patio on the other side of a wall. The parrot's perch projects
above the wall. It is empty.

  
SCENE 247

INTERIOR KITCHEN - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan hurriedly crosses to the door and exits.

  
SCENE 248

EXTERIOR REAR OF HOUSE - MEDIUM SHOT

As Chan exits and crosses around to the patio.

  
SCENE 249

INTERIOR PATIO - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT TOWARD CHAN

He enters the patio and comes to a stop, his eyes narrowing.

  
SCENE 250

BASE OF PERCH - CHAN'S ANGLE

The parrot is lying limply on the stone flagging, at the foot of the perch,
dead.

  
SCENE 251

AT CHAN - MEDIUM CLOSE PAN SHOT

He crosses and kneels down beside the parrot.

  
SCENE 252

AT PARROT - CLOSE SHOT

As Chan kneels feeling the body. He runs his hand over the feathers carefully,
looking for a wound. There is none. Chan looks around, then gets up.

  
SCENE 253

AT PERCH - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Chan gets up, he looks at the perch. He dips his finger in the water cup
and tastes it. It seems all right. He takes the food cup out...empties some of
the parrot seed into his hand, poking it with a finger. He sees something.

  
INSERT: OF HAND

His finger pokes the seeds. We see grey powder mixed with the seeds.

  
BACK TO SCENE:

He gingerly touches his finger to his tongue. It has a bitter taste. He spits
it out, rubbing his tongue on the back of his hand. He puts the container
back, putting the seeds in it, and brushing off his hand. He hurries toward
the dining room doors.

  
SCENE 254

INTERIOR DINING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Madden, Thorne, and Bob are smoking over their breakfast coffee. Chan clatters
in excitedly, watching Thorne's and Madden's faces.

_

**CHAN:** _(Indicating patio)_ **Poah litta Tony on glound...him dead.**

_Madden and Thorne are both astounded. Madden's face blackens. He jumps up
with a muttered curse, throws down his napkin and rushes outside, followed by
Thorne. Bob gives Chan a puzzled look as they follow.

  
SCENE 255

INTERIOR PATIO - AT PERCH - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden stops, staring down at the dead bird with grim sorrow that seems
extremely genuine. He kneels down, stroking the limp form.

_

**MADDEN:** _(Softly)_ **Gone west...eh, old boy**_? (He is silent an instant, then seems to rouse himself)_** I hate to lose him after all these years.**

_Thorne nods sympathetically._

**THORNE: Louie said he hadn't been well lately. He was getting pretty old, Chief.   
  
MADDEN: Yes...he lived a long time. **_(He picks up the parrot and rises,
shaking his head) _**This'll break Louie's heart.

  
CHAN:** _(Holding out his hand)_ **You want me take him, Boss? Me put him in
glound.

  
MADDEN: No...I'm going to have Tony around here as long as I keep the ranch.**
_(To Thorne)_ **Run me into El Dorado, Thorne. I'm going to ship him to Los
Angeles and have him mounted.**

_Thorne nods. The two start to turn toward the house, but stop, listening
intently. We hear a car coming through the gate, off scene.

  
SCENE 256

TOWARD GARAGE DRIVEWAY - THEIR ANGLE - LONG SHOT

A big sedan drives in and skids to stop in front of the garage.

  
SCENE 257

AT CAR - MEDIUM CLOSE

Gamble, a beady eyed, fussy little man of middle age, clambers briskly out,
waving a greeting.

_

**GAMBLE: Hello, P.J.! Glad to see you.**

_As he speaks the last words, he starts digging a big suitcase, briefcase and
topcoat out of the car.

  
SCENE 258

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob and Chan are curious about the new arrival. Madden is grimly exasperated.
He and Thorne exchange glances, and Madden shrugs angrily. Gamble breezes in.
He always speaks rapidly, not giving others much chance to talk. _

**GAMBLE: Hello, Thorne. How've you been, P.J.** _(He notes the bird)_ **Well, well...the old parrot died, eh? Probably hypertrophic cirrhosis. Too bad.** _(He looks at Bob)_ **Who's this?   
  
MADDEN: Mr. Crawford...Professor Gamble the zoologist.**

_SCENE 259

AT BOB AND GAMBLE - MEDIUM CLOSE

As they shake hands._

**GAMBLE: Did you ever study the Sauromalus Ater?   
  
BOB: No.

  
GAMBLE:** _(Shaking head)_ **Too bad. It's very interesting.**

_SCENE 260

AT GROUP - MEDIUM CLOSE

Gamble turns back to Madden._

**GAMBLE: Nice of you to let me use the ranch.**

_Madden is unusually angry. He controls himself._

**MADDEN:** _(Testily)_ **I didn't expect you down until after I'd left. We'll be pretty crowded.**

_Gamble waves this aside serenely._

**GAMBLE: Oh, that won't bother me. I'll be on the desert most of the time.** _(He turns to Chan)_ **Here boy, take my things.**

_Chan takes the topcoat, grip and briefcase, studying the man without
appearing to._

**THORNE: **_(To Chan) _**Put 'em in the guest bedroom.   
  
MADDEN:** _(To Gamble)_ **Thorne and I were just starting into town, when...

  
GAMBLE:** _(Interrupting)_ **Splendid...get right in my car and I'll drive you
in. We can have a talk on the way.**

_There is no escaping the man. Madden hesitates...glances helplessly at
Thorne._

**MADDEN: All right...see you later, Crawford.**

_Bob enters. They exit. Bob enters the house.

  
SCENE 261

INTERIOR GUEST BEDROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan arranges the grips by the bed and starts toward the closet with the
topcoat. Off scene the car drives away. Bob enters.

_

**BOB: Gamble went with 'em. Do you think he's mixed up in this?   
  
CHAN:** _(Shrugging)_ **Large sugar bowl draws many flies.**

_He enters the closet.

  
SCENE 262

INTERIOR CLOSET - CLOSE SHOT

Some hunting togs hang on the pole. Chan puts the topcoat on a hanger. He
starts to push the hunting togs aside. He stops, peering closely at the
shoulder of the hunting coat.

  
INSERT: HUNTING COAT

We see splotches of dust and cobwebs on top of the shoulder.

  
BACK TO SCENE:

Chan peers up at the top of the closet.

  
INSERT: CLOSET CEILING

In the dimness we see a square wood trap door entrance into attic.

  
BACK TO SCENE:

He turns back to the bedroom._

**CHAN:** _(Indicating upward)_ **Suggest investigating recently used entrance to upper regions.**

_SCENE 263

INTERIOR BEDROOM - TOWARD CLOSET - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**BOB: Where?**

_He hurries to the closet, peering upward. He comes back out and grabs a
chair, carrying it in.

  
SCENE 264

INTERIOR CLOSET - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob places the chair and clambers on it, lifting the trap door aside.

  
SCENE 265

INTERIOR ATTIC - MEDIUM SHOT

As the trap door shoves aside and Bob's head appears. The attic is about four
feet high, the flatly sloping roof slanting lower to meet the beams. There is
no floor, except the beams and plaster. The attic is dark. Bob hoists himself
through and strikes a match, looking around.

_

**BOB: Don't see a thing.** _(He suddenly catches sight of something)_ **Wait...here's something!** _(The match burns out)_

_Bob walks across on the beams, lifts a large valise from between two beams,
carries it across and lowers it to Chan, following.

  
SCENE 266

INTERIOR CLOSET - MEDIUM SHOT

As Chan takes the grip into the bedroom, Bob lowers himself to the chair and
follows.

  
SCENE 267

INTERIOR BEDROOM - TOWARD BED - MEDIUM SHOT

As Chan crosses and sets the grip on the bed, Bob follows him.

  
SCENE 268

AT GRIP - CLOSE SHOT

Chan lifts out shirts, socks, handkerchiefs, and a toilet case, examining them
and laying them aside. He lifts out a folded suit coat, rapidly searching the
pockets, finding nothing. He looks at the label on the
inside&nbsp_place_holder;pocket. His eyes narrow. He shows the label to Bob.

  
INSERT: OF LABEL

In print:_

**_"Louis & Barnes, Inc.   
47th & Broadway,

New York, N.Y."

_**

_On the name line is written in ink:_

**_"JERRY DELANEY"_**

_BACK TO SCENE:

Bob stares grimly at Chan._

!["The man Thorne
murdered?"](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscript02label.jpg)

**BOB: The man Thorne murdered?**

_Chan shrugs and goes on hunting. He feels in the inside coat pocket and
brings out a stub of a railroad ticket._

**CHAN:** _(Reading)_ **Chicago to Palm Springs...** _(He turns the ticket over)_ **...purchased February 8th.   
  
BOB:** _(Staring excitedly)_ **That would get him to Palm springs the
11th...Wednesday...the night before I got here.**

_Chan nods thoughtfully. He takes out a folded vest and searches the pockets.
In the right hand lower one, he finds a rather old fashioned watch. He
suddenly starts examining the watch pocket itself, turning it inside out. It
is chamois lined._

!["Note chamois lined watch
pocket."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscript01watch.jpg)

**CHAN: Note chamois lined watch pocket.   
  
BOB:** _(Surprised)_ **What about it?

  
CHAN: Specially constructed right side of vest.**

_SCENE 269

BOB - CLOSE SHOT

Bob instinctively feels in his right hand pocket._

**BOB: Well, that's correct...** _(Surprised)_ **...no it isn't. You usually carry your watch on the left.**

_SCENE 270

CHAN - CLOSE SHOT_

**CHAN:** _(Nodding)_ **Because easier to reach with coat buttoned. Murdered man was left-handed.**

_SCENE 271

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**BOB:** _(Helplessly)_ **But where does he fit in?... Why would Thorne kill him?   
  
CHAN: Had hoped to learn same from late parrot.

  
BOB:** _(Nodding)_ **Tony must have heard everything.

  
CHAN: For which he received sad reward of being poisoned.

  
BOB:** _(Startled)_ **Poisoned?

  
CHAN:** _(Nodding)_ **With arsenic. Only remaining witness is bearded man you
saw running past garage night you arrived.

  
BOB:** _(Grunting hopelessly)_ **No chance of finding him. It'd be like
hunting for a needle in a haystack.

  
CHAN: Only requires careful inspection of hay.**

_He reaches under his blouse and pulls from a pocket an old battered top of a
canteen bottle._

**Person in question runs on to desert where pack donkey is waiting...loses top to canteen bottle in darkness.   
  
BOB: That doesn't tell much who he is.

  
CHAN: Man who sits by side of road sees world pass by. Will ask storekeeper in
El Dorado.**

_FADE OUT.

  
FADE IN:

  
SCENE 272

MOUNTAIN TRAIL - MEDIUM SHOT - DAY

Chan puffs up the last few steps of a steep trail and reaches level ground. He
gives a sigh of relief, mops his forehead and looks around with interest.

  
SCENE 273

EXTERIOR SHACK - MEDIUM SHOT - CHAN'S ANGLE

A small one-room shack built of odds and ends of wood and tin. It is deserted.
A burro is tethered nearby.

  
SCENE 274

AT CHAN - MEDIUM CLOSE

He exits from scene toward shack.

  
SCENE 275

FRONT OF SHACK - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Chan enters. A prospector's outfit, including a shovel and pick, is parked
on a bench outside the door. Lying beside it is an old canteen with shiny new
top. Chan examines it.

  
SCENE 276

TOWARD HILLSIDE - MEDIUM SHOT

Hewitt, the man we have seen at Madden's, comes striding down the hillside,
lighting a pipe. He comes to a startled stop in foreground, glaring
suspiciously off scene, then strides on.

  
SCENE 277

EXTERIOR SHACK - MEDIUM SHOT

Hewitt strides past the end of it.

_

**HEWITT:** _(In gruff suspicion)_ **What're you doin' here?**

_Chan turns, putting down the bottle, dropping the role of Ah Kim._

**CHAN: Humbly request important information.   
  
HEWITT:** _(More on guard than ever)_ **What about?

  
CHAN: Wish to learn what took place at Madden ranch Thursday night.**

_SCENE 278

HEWITT - CLOSE SHOT

His face becomes mask-like and grim._

**HEWITT: How should I know? I ain't been around there for a month.**

_SCENE 279

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE

Chan shakes his head and takes the old canteen top from his pocket.

_

**CHAN: Found top to your canteen near garage.   
  
HEWITT:** _(Staring at Chan)_ **I lost that a long time ago when I was down
seein' Louie.

  
CHAN: **_(Indicating bottle) _**And yet only bought new top yesterday at El
Dorado store.

  
HEWITT:** _(Angrily)_ **Look here...I don't know what you're drivin' at...but
I don't know nothin' about Madden, see?

  
CHAN:** _(Suddenly...loudly)_ **Help! Murder! Put down that gun!**

_Hewitt jumps startedly, dropping his pipe. He picks it up. Chan smiles and
shakes his head._

**Humbly suggest that you tell truth. Will save most troublesome interview with police.   
  
HEWITT: **_(Staring at him)_** You mean I won't get dragged into it?

  
CHAN: Most correct. Only desire is to solve mystery.**

_SCENE 280

HEWITT - CLOSE SHOT

He stares an instant and seems satisfied that Chan is honest. _

**HEWITT: All right...I'll tell yuh. Louie's an old friend of mine, and I stopped by to see him. I heard someone yell for help in Madden's bedroom and then there was two shots. **

_SCENE 281

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**CHAN: Where were you at time?   
  
HEWITT: Outside the patio. I sneaked across and looked in the window. A man
was lyin' in there on the floor.

  
CHAN: You saw who he was?

  
HEWITT: No...he'd fallen halfway behind the bed.

  
CHAN: What kind of gun did Thorne shoot with?

**

_SCENE 282

HEWITT - CLOSEUP

He stares at Chan in surprise, blurting his words.

_

**HEWITT: Thorne didn't kill the guy...the big boss himself did it! Madden!**

_SCENE 283

CHAN - CLOSEUP

Chan stares out of scene, suddenly tense at this astounding news. His eyes are
narrow.

_

**CHAN: Madden?!..._He_ was there?!   
  
HEWITT'S VOICE:** _(Off scene)_ **Sure. He was standin' there with a smokin'
.45 in his hand, glarin' down at the guy on the floor.**

_SCENE 284

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**Thorne was way over on one side of the room.   
  
CHAN:** _(Quietly)_ **Thank you so much.**

_FADE OUT.

  
FADE IN:

  
SCENE 285

STATION - TELEGRAPH WINDOW - NIGHT - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob is at the window. The operator finishes counting words and writes number.

_

**OPERATOR: Eighty-four cents.**

_Bob pays him. The operator verifies the address._

**OPERATOR: **_(Reading) _**Alexander...is that Crawford?   
  
BOB: Yes.**

_The operator nods. Paula enters with a written telegraph form._

**PAULA: Hello there.   
  
BOB:** _(A mock frown)_ **Following me again?**

_Paula laughs and turns to operator._

**PAULA: Will you send this right away?**

_She hands him the money with it. _

**BOB: Wiring good-night to Wilbur?   
  
PAULA: No.

  
BOB: Do you think he'd mind if I drove you back to the hotel?

**

_As he speaks they start to exit._

**PAULA:** _(Laughing)_ **Why it's only four doors down the street!**

!["Why it's only four doors down the street!"](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderp
ictures/.pond/couscriptscene285.jpg.w300h218.jpg)

_FAST PAN DISOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 286

STREET - AT CURB - MEDIUM CLOSE

The car stops. Bob shuts off the motor.

_

**BOB: A swell ride.**

_Paula laughs. They get out.

  
SCENE 287

EXTERIOR HOTEL - MEDIUM CLOSE

They walk up onto the deserted hotel veranda. Off scene we hear the distant
whistle of the approaching night train.

  
SCENE 288

VERANDA - AT DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

They come to a stop. Bob looks at Paula._

**BOB:** _(Thoughtfully)_ **You know, I may as well confess something.   
  
PAULA: What?

  
BOB:** _(Shaking head)_ **If you weren't engaged to Wilbur, I honestly think
I'd find myself falling in love.

  
PAULA:** _(Her eyes twinkling)_ **That would be awful, wouldn't it?

  
BOB:** _(Nodding...with feeling)_ **Good old Wilbur...he's saved my freedom.
**_(With sudden eagerness)_** Will you be at the ranch tomorrow with the movie
company?

  
PAULA:** _(A laughing nod)_ **Yes...but I promise not to bother you.**
_(Adding softly)_ **Good-night...Bob.**

_She enters. The door closes. Bob stands looking at it. He turns out of scene.

  
SCENE 289

AT STEPS AND SIDEWALK - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Bob comes down the steps, he suddenly stops, staring toward the road in
surprise.

  
SCENE 290

ROAD - BOB'S ANGLE - PAN SHOT

Gamble is driving past in his sedan. WE PAN WITH THE CAR. It stops beside the
railroad station...about two hundred feet away. The train, off scene, is
approaching.

  
SCENE 291

BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

Bob watches in alert suspicion and moves slowly down the sidewalk in the
shadows, watching off scene.

  
SCENE 292

STATION PLATFORM - MEDIUM SHOT

As the train pulls in, Gamble crosses from his car to the platform. Maydorf
gets off the train. He is dressed much the same as in San Francisco. Gamble
greets him.

  
SCENE 293

BOB - CLOSE SHOT

He shows startled surprise at the sight of Maydorf. His face gets grim and his
eyes narrow as he watches.

  
SCENE 294

STATION PLATFORM - MEDIUM SHOT

A quaint little old Chinaman gets off, one car down, carrying a carpet bag,
and walks across the platform. It is Louie Wong, dressed in an amusing, ill-
fitting civilian suit. Gamble and Maydorf give a brief glance at him as they
say a few words, then cross quickly to Gamble's car and get in.

  
SCENE 295

AT BOB AND STREET - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob watches the car start swiftly in the direction of the Madden ranch. Bob
walks back to his car.

  
SCENE 296

AT CAR - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

As Bob climbs into the car, Louie Wong enters scene. He recognizes the car.
His face lights eagerly and he hurries to it.

  
SCENE 297

AT CAR - CLOSE SHOT

Bob turns in surprise as he comes up to it. He speaks rapidly. His face beams
with friendliness.

_

**WONG: You dlive boss' auto. Mebbe go to lanch now? Me Louie Wong. Mebbe takum me along, please?**

_Bob's face lights with alert interest as he realizes Louie's identity._

**BOB: Sure...get right in.**

_Louie bobs gratefully, getting in the back seat._

**WONG: Thank you velly much.**

_Bob starts the motor and drives out of scene.

  
SCENE 298

ROAD - MEDIUM SHOT

As the car heads quickly away toward the ranch.

  
DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 299

RANCH GATE - MEDIUM SHOT - NIGHT

As Bob drives up to it and comes to a stop. The gate is closed.

  
SCENE 300

AT CAR - CLOSE SHOT

Bob looks at the closed gate in puzzled surprise. Louie quickly opens the back
seat door.

_

**WONG: Me open.**

_He exits toward gate.

  
SCENE 301

AT GATE - FROM OPPOSITE SIDE - CLOSE SHOT

Louie enters and reaches over the gate for the latch. We see that it is wedged
with a small stick. Louie has a little difficulty getting it out.

  
SCENE 302

AT GATE - MEDIUM SHOT

As Louie swings the gate open and stands aside, Bob drives through and as the
headlights go past, Louie and the gate are left in darkness.

  
SCENE 303

AT GARAGE - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob drives the car in, turns off the motor and lights and gets out. As he
comes out of the garage, Chan comes from the direction of the house, carrying
a flashlight.

  
SCENE 304

EXTERIOR GARAGE DOOR - AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Bob steps out of the doorway, he and Chan meet.

_

**BOB: Hello, Ah Kim. I brought home a playmate for you... **_(He nods significantly toward gate) _**...Louie Wong.**

_Chan's eyes show a gleam of interest. He turns toward the gate. Bob also
turns.

  
SCENE 305

DRIVEWAY - TOWARD GATE - THEIR ANGLE - MEDIUM SHOT

The driveway is empty. In the distance we see dimly that the gate is half
closed. Louie Wong seems to have disappeared.

  
SCENE 306

AT CHAN AND BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob shows puzzled surprise.

_

**BOB:** _(Calling)_ **Louie?**

_SCENE 307

DRIVEWAY - MEDIUM PAN SHOT

As the two hurry back to the gate, WE PAN WITH THEM. As the gate PANS INTO
SCENE, they are startled to see Louie's body lies crumpled on the ground
between the gates. Chan turns on the flashlight, swinging it swiftly around at
the cactus and shrubbery in the vicinity. No one is in sight. He kneels
quickly down, Bob following.

_

![Chan turns on the
flashlight...](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couflashlight03b.jpg)

_SCENE 308

AT LOUIE - CLOSE SHOT

As the two kneel beside him, Louie is dead. The flashlight reveals a gash in
his vest over his heart, a spreading stain on the cloth. _

!["Dead...like Tony."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/.pond/couscript3
08.jpg.w300h219.jpg)

**CHAN: **_(Grimly) _**Dead...like Tony.   
  
BOB:** _(Stunned and horrified)_ **But it seems impossible! It's only been a
minute! Why would anyone kill him?

  
CHAN:** _(In a low voice)_ **Murdered in great haste. Implies something wrong
here which old servant would recognize.**

!["Murdered in great
haste."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/coulouiewongdead.jpg)

_Bob starts to reply, but stops, listening. Rapidly approaching footsteps are
heard off scene.

  
SCENE 309

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE

As they get up tensely. Thorne comes hurrying out of the darkness staring
suspiciously.

_

**THORNE: What's all this? I heard you drive...**

_He breaks off, catching sight of the body. Chan turns on his flashlight on
Louie, watching Thorne's face. Thorne's startledness seems amazingly genuine._

**THORNE: Why...it's Louie! What's happened to him?**

_As he speaks, he kneels quickly beside Louie's body and stares at him an
instant. He looks up in searching alarm._

**THORNE: Who killed him?   
  
BOB:** _(Tersely)_ **I don't know. I drove in and left him at the...**

_As he speaks, Thorne jumps to his feet and rushes off scene toward the house,
calling:_

**THORNE:** _(Off scene)_ **Chief!**

_SCENE 310

AT BOB AND CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

Chan and Bob stare after Thorne.

_

**BOB:** _(Grimly)_ **Do you think he did it?   
  
CHAN: Equal chance that Madden guilty. **

_(Bob stares at him in surprise) _

**Prospector narrates amazing fact that Madden committed shooting in bedroom.   
  
BOB: **_(Completely at sea) _**Madden killed Delaney?

  
CHAN:** _(Nodding)_ **With Thorne present in room.**

_SCENE 311

TOWARD HOUSE - MEDIUM SHOT

Madden, in a dressing gown, comes racing out, Thorne following. Madden is
seething with suppressed fury.

  
SCENE 312

AT CHAN AND BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Madden enters, raging, he snatches the flashlight from Chan and flashes it
on Louie's body. He suddenly whirls, shining the light directly in Thorne's
face, looking as is he'd like to kill Thorne.

_

**MADDEN:** _(Snarling)_ **Fine business...this!**

_Thorne trembles with rage._

**THORNE:** _(Snarling back)_ **Well, what are you staring at me for?**

_Bob and Chan watch this unexpected fight narrowly. They are forgotten for the
moment._

**MADDEN:** _(Bellowing)_ **I'll stare at you if I wish...though I'm sick of the sight of your silly face...   
  
THORNE: I won't take that from you or...**

_Madden pays no attention, continuing to rage._

**MADDEN: This place is turning into a madhouse...Tony dead...Louie murdered...movie outfit coming tomorrow...and now the police'll be messing up the place...** _(He controls himself with an effort and snarls)_ **Go on and call'em! We might as well get it over with now.**

_Thorne turns on his heel and hurries into the house. Madden whirls to Chan._

**MADDEN: Bring him into the house!**

_He strides off into the darkness towards house, carrying the flashlight.

  
SCENE 313

AT BOB AND CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

Chan stares after him, his eyes narrow.

_

**CHAN: Man's soul is lost who does not grieve the death of faithful servant.**

!["Man's soul is lost who does not grieve..."
](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couchannodsthoughtfully06a.jpg)

_DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 314

LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT - NIGHT

Louie's body lies on a davenport. A small town coroner is examining it.
Constable Brackett, a burly, blustering small town official is questioning the
four men. He is speaking respectfully to Madden as we come to scene.

_

**BRACKETT: ...and you were both in the house when it happened?   
  
MADDEN: Yes...I can account for Thorne.

  
BRACKETT:** _(Turning to Bob)_ **And you're sure you didn't see anyone by the
gate when you drove in?**

_Bob nods. Brackett turns and crosses toward Chan, glaring at him
belligerently.

  
SCENE 315

AT BRACKETT AND CHAN - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**BRACKETT: You're the new cook here, eh?   
  
CHAN:** _(Nodding meekly)_ **Thas light, boss.

  
BRACKETT: Where'd you work before this?

  
CHAN:** _(Mildly)_ **All places, boss. Bid town, litta town.

  
BRACKETT:** _(Bellowing angrily)_ **I mean...where'd you work last?

  
CHAN:** _(Serenely)_ **Lailload, boss. Santa Fe Lailload. Lay sticks on
glound.

  
BRACKETT: **_(His eyes narrow_**) Had to work hard, eh?

  
CHAN: Thas light.**

_Brackett triumphantly thumps his finger on Chan's chest, moving him
backward._

**BRACKETT: So when you got an easy job here, you wanted to hang on to it? When Louie came back, you knew you'd lose it, so you killed him!**

_SCENE 316

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

_

**BOB:** _(Angrily)_ **That's nonsense! I told you he was at the garage!**

_Brackett turns pompously to him._

**BRACKETT: You don't know these Chinese guys. They think nothin' of sneakin' around and stickin' knives in each other.** _(Turning to Chan)_ **How'd you get into this country?   
  
CHAN:** _(Blandly)_ **Melican citizen. Boahn San Flancisco.

  
BRACKETT:** _(Sneering)_ **Is that so? Let's see your chock-gee.**

_SCENE 317

AT BOB, CHAN, BRACKETT - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob is completely dismayed. Chan stalls for time.

_

**CHAN: What you say, boss?   
  
BRACKETT:** _(Bellowing triumphantly)_ **I thought so! You know what I said!
Your chock-gee...the certificate that shows you're a citizen. Come on!

  
CHAN:** _(Understanding)_ **Oh, boss, ce'tiflicate...all light, boss.**

_He pulls a worn piece of paper from his sleeve and hands it to Brackett. Bob
shows amazement. Brackett inspects it in complete discomforture. He hands it
back uncertainly._

!["Don't try to run away,
understand?"](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscript317.jpg)

**BRACKETT: Well...you stay around here, see! Inspector Bliss'll be out tomorrow and he'll want to talk to you! Don't try to run away, understand?   
  
CHAN:** _(Nodding)_ **I stay.**

_He walks away.

  
SCENE 318

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

As Chan heads towards dining room, Brackett turns away. Chan turns back,
adding:

_

**CHAN: You think I lun away easy job?** _(He snorts)_ **Clazy cop!**

_Brackett does a startled double take back at him as Chan exits to dining room
and we

  
FADE OUT.

  
FADE IN:

  
SCENE 319

MADDEN PATIO - FULL SHOT - DAY

The whole place is bustling with life. The movie company is in full swing, a
mass of equipment and people. They are&nbsp_place_holder;preparing to shoot a
musical comedy dance number. An orchestra is at one side. Sixteen lovely girls
are around __the place __in scant tight-fitting chorus outfits.

  
SCENE 320

TWO CHORUS GIRLS - NEAR ENTRANCE TO LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM CLOSE

They look interestedly toward living room.

_

**FIRST CHORUS GIRL: I wish Gold-Dust would stick his head out. I'd like to see what a multi-millionaire looks like.   
  
SECOND CHORUS GIRL: I couldn't stand it.

  
VOICE:** _(Off scene...calling)_ **Come on, girls...places!**

_The girls reluctantly leave.

  
SCENE 321

PATIO - MEDIUM SHOT

The bustle increases as the girls assemble.

  
SCENE 322

AT CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

He is standing at one side watching the amazing scene with intense interest.
People bustle back and forth past him.

  
SCENE 323

AT BOB AND PAULA - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

They are standing near Chan, the bustling going on around them. Bob is
watching interestedly.

_

**BOB:** _(Grinning)_ **It can't be true.**

_Paula looks at him and laughs. The director crosses to him. He is the man who
was with Paula in Los Angeles...a pleasant chap. He nods to Bob as if they had
met earlier._

**DIRECTOR:** _(To Paula)_ **Someone said there's an abandoned mine on the other side of El Dorado. It might be okay for the next picture. Will you run up and take a look at it?   
  
PAULA: Right after lunch.

  
DIRECTOR: Swell. Let me know before I leave tonight.

  
PAULA: I'll be back about three.**

_He nods and exits toward cameras.

  
SCENE 324

IN FRONT OF CAMERA - TOWARD CHORUS - MEDIUM SHOT

The set-up is ready. The leading man and girl are taking places in front of
the camera. The director enters and addresses the man.

_

**DIRECTOR: Now, for John's sake, Rannie, this time smile at her...you're supposed to be in love with the girl. Come on now. Let's get a good one.**

!["Now, for John's sake,
Rannie..."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene324.jpg)

_Rannie grins and nods.

  
SCENE 325

BOB AND PAULA - CLOSE SHOT

Bob nods off scene toward Rannie.

_

**BOB: Is Wilbur like Rannie?   
  
PAULA:** _(Amused)_ **No...He's really wonderful.

  
BOB:** _(Groaning)_ **And you'll be back in Los Angeles with him in a couple
of days. **_(He brightens) _**Maybe something's happened to him.

  
PAULA:** _(Shaking head)_ **I don't think so.

  
BOB:** _(Hopefully)_ **Is he careful crossing the street?**

_Before Paula can reply a whistle blows shrilly._

**VOICE: **_(Off scene) _**Quiet, please.**

_Paula nods silently. Bob makes a grimace.

  
SCENES 326 to 335 (Inclusive)

PRODUCTION NUMBER

The romantic number starts with the chorus girls strolling in background of
number. We see the mechanics of shooting, with sound man and cameras in scene
and calls of "Roll 'em" and "Speed" etc. (The following scenes intercut with
__the progress of the number.)

  
SCENE 336

CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

Chan watches the scene with absorbed interest.

  
SCENE 337

BOB AND PAULA - CLOSE SHOT

The two are engrossed in the musical love scene -

  
SCENE 338

PATIO - EXTERIOR ENTRANCE TO LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden comes outside, looking interestedly at the scene, and strolls off scene
toward Chan.

  
SCENE 339

AT TWO CHORUS GIRLS - CLOSE SHOT

At same girls, as they walk together in the scene. The second one sees Madden
off scene and nudges the first, whispering an aside -

_

**SECOND CHORUS GIRL: There's your millionaire, Peggy...don't fall over backwards.**

_Peggy looks off scene.

  
SCENE 340

TOWARD BOB AND CHAN - MEDIUM SHOT

Bob and Paula are standing about ten feet from Chan. Madden strolls in and
stops near Chan, watching. The production number ends and the director motions
for a closer set-up. The bustle starts.

  
SCENE 341

AT BOB AND PAULA - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**PAULA: Excuse me a minute.   
  
BOB: Sure.**

_Paula exits toward cameras.

  
SCENE 342

NEAR SOUND WAGON - MEDIUM CLOSE

Two men of the crew are standing talking together. Near them is Eddie Boston,
a stocky, small hard-faced man. He is lighting a cigarette.

_

**FIRST PROP MAN:** _(Looking off scene)_ **Say...isn't that Madden?   
  
SECOND PROP MAN: Yeah.**

_At mention of Madden, Boston turns alertly, staring off scene.

  
SCENE 343

MADDEN - BOSTON'S ANGLE - MEDIUM SHOT

Madden is watching the preparation.

  
SCENE 344

BOSTON - CLOSE SHOT

His eyes narrow. A faint sardonic smile comes over his thin lips. He exits.

  
SCENE 345

AT MADDEN - MEDIUM CLOSE

Chan and Bob are in background. Boston walks up to Madden familiarly and
extends his hand. Bob and Chan notice the greeting.

_

**BOSTON: Hello, Mr. Madden. **

_Madden turns on him, stiffening an instant as if resenting being approached,
and then shows puzzlement as if not recognizing him. _

**MADDEN: **_(Coldly) _**I'm sorry...I don't...   
  
BOSTON:** _(Sardonically)_ **Don't remember me, eh?** _(His eyes bore into
Madden's)_ **I'm a friend of Jerry Delaney's. You'd remember him, wouldn't
you? **

_Madden shows no sign of surprise.

  
SCENE 346

AT CHAN AND BOB - CLOSE SHOT

A flash of the two, showing them suddenly alert at the words.

  
SCENE 347

AT MADDEN AND BOSTON - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**MADDEN: **_(Calmly_**) Yes...I remember him. Why?   
  
BOSTON: I saw him this morning. He sent you his best regards.**

_Madden shows no flicker of interest._

**MADDEN:** _(Calmly)_ **Oh...did he? Come into the house...I'd like to hear all about it.**

_Boston nods with a faint smile, and the two exit toward house.

  
SCENE 348

AT BOB AND CHAN - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan is looking thoughtfully toward the house. Bob, completely overcome by
amazement, edges over to Chan.

  
SCENE 349

AT TWO - CLOSE SHOT

_

**BOB: **_(Tensely_**) Did you hear what he said?! Delaney's alive!   
  
CHAN: Most upsetting discovery...like bumble bee in honorable trousers.

  
BOB:** _(Helplessly)_ **But who was killed in the bedroom? This leaves us
completely lost in the fog.

  
CHAN:** _(Smiling faintly)_ **On contrary, inscrutable fates reveal steps
toward true solution.**

_He exits from scene.

  
SCENE 350

AT BOB - MEDIUM SHOT

As Chan ambles away toward the kitchen, Bob looks after him in puzzled
surprise. Then he looks around and crosses to Paula, near the cameras.

  
SCENE 351

AT TWO MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**BOB: Who was that chap who went inside with Madden?   
  
PAULA: Eddie Boston...he's one of the assistants.

  
BOB: You know anything about him?

  
PAULA: Not very much. I heard he used to be a gambler in New York.

**

_SCENE 352

PATIO - TOWARD LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden strides out, agitated and angry. He looks around...spots Bob.

  
_

_SCENE 353

BOB AND PAULA - MEDIUM CLOSE

They turn, surprised. Bob glances at her and exits.

  
SCENE 354

PATIO - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Bob enters, Madden approaching. They are alone. Madden is strangely furious
and anxious.

_

**MADDEN: Why isn't that necklace here? When's it coming?   
  
BOB: **_(At a loss) _**Why...I don't know... Sometime today.

  
MADDEN: Well...it better! I've got reservations on tonight's train and I'm not
going to miss it! If the pearls aren't here by eight o'clock, the deal's
off!****

**

_He turns and storms back into the house. Bob stares after him in puzzled
worry. He turns to exit and stops short in surprise.

  
SCENE 355

DRIVEWAY - BOB'S ANGLE - PAN SHOT

Boston is hurrying around from the front of the house, his face
expressionless, heading for the company cars.

  
SCENE 356

BOB - MEDIUM CLOSE

With a determined look, he strides out of the scene toward cars.

  
SCENE 357

DRIVEWAY - AT STUDIO CAR - MEDIUM CLOSE

Two or three studio cars in the driveway. Huge trucks are parked by the garage
and out in the road. The driver is lounging behind the wheel. Boston enters
and opens the front door.

_

**BOSTON:** _(Tersely)_ **Run me into town, Dan.**

_As he starts to get in, Bob enters._

**BOB: Mr. Boston?**

_Boston turns and stares at Bob._

**BOSTON: Yes?   
  
BOB:** _(Pleasantly casual)_ **I wanted to ask you about a friend of mine. I
heard you mention Jerry Delaney.

  
BOSTON: Boston's eyes bore into him an instant.

  
BOSTON: **_(Shortly) _**I never heard the name in my life.**

_He gets into car and slams door. The car exits. Bob looks after it, defeated,
as we

  
FADE OUT.

  
FADE IN:

  
SCENE 358

EXTERIOR HOLLEY'S GARAGE - MEDIUM SHOT - NIGHT

Madden's car races into scene and skids to a violent stop in front of garage.

  
SCENE 359

AT CAR - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT

Bob is at the wheel, decidedly worried. He slides across, starting to get out,
as Holley comes curiously out of the garage.

_

**BOB: Have you seen Miss Graham?   
  
HOLLEY: Not since she took my car this morning.

  
BOB: She went up to the abandoned mine. She hasn't come back! Nobody's seen
her. Will you show me the way up there?

  
HOLLEY: Sure.

**

_He climbs in quickly. The car dashes out.

  
SCENE 360

ROAD - FULL SHOT

As the car races away into the darkness.

  
FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 361

PETTICOAT MINE - FULL SHOT - NIGHT

A deserted mine; three or four buildings falling to ruins. All are in
darkness. Bob's car races into scene and slows down, bumping through chuck
holes in the street.

  
SCENE 362

INTERIOR CAR - AT TWO - CLOSE SHOT

The two are looking out opposite sides of the car, searching street.

  
SCENE 363

STREET - MEDIUM SHOT

As the car jounces slowly through.

  
SCENE 364

INTERIOR CAR - AT TWO - MEDIUM SHOT

Holley suddenly points off scene._

**HOLLEY: There's the car.**

_Bob jams on the brakes, looking.

  
SCENE 365

AT CAR - MEDIUM PAN SHOT

They pile out and run between the buildings.

  
SCENE 366

REAR OF BUILDING - AT CAR - MEDIUM CLOSE

As they run in, looking into the car, quickly examining it. Bob straightens
and looks around.

_

_His face lights as he hears her voice._

**PAULA'S VOICE: **_(Off scene from distance) _**Bob?!**

_SCENE 367

BUILDING - REAR DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

The door is open, hanging on one hinge. As the voice comes into scene, a
shadowy figure appears in doorway, a heavy automatic in his hand. It is
Maydorf. He exits softly toward them.

_

**BOB'S VOICE: **_(Off scene) _**Where are you?   
  
PAULA'S VOICE:** _(From a distance)_ **The stone building...I'm locked in.**

_SCENE 368

AT BOB AND HOLLEY - MEDIUM SHOT

As Bob starts, Maydorf steps in behind him.

_

**MAYDORF:** _(Steely)_ **Shove 'em up!**

_Bob and Holley whirl around. As they see the gun they raise their arms.
Maydorf recognizes Bob._

_(Ominously)_ **Oh...it's you, eh? You shouldn't come sticking your nose into
other people's business. Get in there!**

_He herds them out of scene, Bob looking for a chance to jump him.

  
SCENE 369

AT BUILDING DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

As the three converge at the door, Holley entering first. Bob takes a chance.
He swings a vicious short arm jab to Maydorf's chin, connecting, at the same
instant grabbing the latter's gun hand. They reel against the wall, the gun
exploding twice, both men struggling with their free hand...a short, savage
fight.

_

![...a short, savage
fight.](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptfight.jpg)

**BOB:** _(Grimly, as they slug)_ **I've been... **_(Maydorf's fist slugs his face)_** ...longing to meet you again!**

_Bob jabs Maydorf's gun arm across the door jamb, nearly breaking it. The gun
falls from his limp hand. Maydorf's fist connects with Bob's face. Holley
dives for the gun. Bob breaks free, swinging a vicious punch that knocks
Maydorf cold. He collapses limply to the ground. _

**HOLLEY:** _(Nodding approvingly)_ **Purty good fight. **

_Bob ransacks Maydorf's pockets and finds the keys, racing out of scene. As he
does so, Maydorf comes to and glares dazedly up. Holley, holding the gun on
him, gives a contemptuous snort. _

**HOLLEY: _You_ ain't so tough!**

_SCENE 370

AT JAIL DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

Bob is just getting the padlock off and thrusts the door open. Paula rushes
out. In mutual relief they instantly go into each other's arms.

_

**PAULA: I was afraid you'd been shot.   
  
BOB:** _(Shaking head...anxiously)_ **You're all right?**

_Paula nods. He kisses her...impulsively. Then he releases her._

**BOB:** _(Apologetically)_ **I'm sorry...I've been worried about you.**

_Paula smiles understandingly. _

!["Bob, he's got someone else locked up..."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpic
tures/.pond/couscriptscene370.jpg.w180h214.jpg)

**PAULA: I know.** _(She notices the keys)_ **Bob, he's got someone else locked up on the other side.**

_Bob looks at her in surprise and the two hurriedly exit.

  
SCENE 371

SECOND DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

They hurry in. Bob unlocks the door and thrusts it back. The two peer into the
darkness.

_

**BOB: Hello?...Hello...**

_There is no answer. They suddenly catch sight of something and stare in
astounded amazement as we

  
FAST DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 372

INTERIOR MADDEN LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT

Madden is pacing up and down. Thorne and Gamble are sitting in chairs, staring
at him.

  
SCENE 373

EXTERIOR ENTRANCE - MEDIUM PAN SHOT

Victor Jordan is getting out of a hired car and strides to the door. He looks
irritated and impatient.

  
SCENE 374

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

The buzzer sounds off scene. Madden turns, staring at the door. Thorne and
gamble sit up...hawk-like and eager. Madden sees their expression and glowers
at them as he crosses to the door -

  
SCENE 375

AT DOOR - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden opens it.

_

**VICTOR: Mr. Madden?**

_Madden nods. Victor shows fawning respect. _

**I'm Victor Jordan.   
  
MADDEN:** _(Eagerly shaking hands)_ **Oh yes...how do you do.**

_He closes the door behind Victor and turns to him.

  
SCENE 376

ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

_

**MADDEN: **_(Introducing Victor) _**Professor Gamble...Mr. Thorne.   
  
VICTOR:** _(Shaking hands)_ **How are you?

  
MADDEN: You've brought the necklace?

  
VICTOR: **_(Staring in surprise) _**Why...of course not!**

_The three men stare at him. Before he can say any more, Madden grates out,
his face black with fury:_

**MADDEN: Are you trying to stall me again?   
  
VICTOR:** _(Nervously apologetic)_ **No, Mr. Madden. I just heard about this
stalling...that's why I hurried down here. Crawford should have given it to
you Thursday.**

_SCENE 377

MADDEN - CLOSEUP

He controls his fury with difficulty._

**MADDEN: Do you mean he's had it here all the time?**

_SCENE 378

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

_

**VICTOR:** _(Anxiously explaining)_ **No...Charlie Chan has it...the Chinaman that brought it from Hawaii.**

_Thorne and Gamble are startled. Madden's eyes narrow dangerously._

**MADDEN: Chinaman, eh?**

_Victor looks at the men bewildered._

**VICTOR: Why, yes...he's here, isn't he?   
  
MADDEN:** _(With ominous calm)_ **Excuse me a minute.**

_He strides toward the kitchen.

  
SCENE 379

INTERIOR KITCHEN - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan is sweeping the kitchen floor. Madden enters.

_

!["I want to have a little talk with
you."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene379.jpg)

**MADDEN: **_(Grimly) _**I want to have a little talk with you.   
  
CHAN:** _(Surprised)_ **Suah...wha's a matta, boss?

  
MADDEN:** _(Evenly)_ **Where did you work before you came here?

  
CHAN: **_(Smiling congenially) _**Get'um woik all places, boss. Maybe lay
sticks on gloun' fo' lailload.

  
MADDEN: You're a liar.**

_Chan's eye's narrow slightly but he continues calmly. _

**CHAN: Wha's matta, boss?   
  
MADDEN:** _(Ominously)_ **I'll show you what's the matter. Come in here!**

_Chan, playing the bewildered Chinaman to perfection, exits toward living
room, Madden following.

  
SCENE 380

INTERIOR LIVING ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan enters from dining room, followed by Madden. He stops short at sight of
Victor.

  
SCENE 381

CHAN - CLOSEUP

A flicker of surprise and resentment comes into his eyes.

  
SCENE 382

VICTOR - CLOSE SHOT

He stares in amazement at Chan.

_

**VICTOR: Have you gone crazy, Charlie? What've you got that outfit on for?**

_SCENE 383

AT MADDEN AND CHAN - MEDIUM SHOT

_

**MADDEN:** _(Grimly)_ **You've got Jordan's necklace...hand it over!**

!["You've got Jordan's necklace...hand it over!"](sitebuildercontent/sitebuild
erpictures/.pond/couscript382.jpg.w300h218.jpg)

_Chan's eyes narrow, his mind working swiftly. He stares at Victor and turns
to Madden, dropping his dialect._

**CHAN: **_(Calmly) _**Mr. Jordan juggles truth...pearls are property of his mother. Humbly refuse to deliver them.**

_SCENE 384

GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

_

**VICTOR:** _(Snarling)_ **Oh yes you will! I had her write out an order telling you to.**

_He takes out a folded piece of paper and gives it to Chan.

  
SCENE 385

AT CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

He reads the note, a look of helpless resignation on his face. _

![...a look of helpless resignation on his
face.](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscript34.jpg)

_SCENE 386

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

He hands the note back, reaches under his blouse and unhooks the money belt,
taking out the velvet bundle and handing it to Madden._

![...handing it to
Madden.](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene386.jpg)

_SCENE 387

MADDEN - THORNE AND GAMBLE - MEDIUM CLOSE

As Madden eagerly takes out the necklace and holds it up. Thorne and Gamble
crowd in on him. _

![Madden eagerly takes out the
necklace...](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscript387.jpg)

**GAMBLE: Beautiful!**

_Madden angrily shrugs them away from him.

  
SCENE 388

CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

He is watching them narrowly

_

**CHAN: One moment, please...humbly request receipt.**

_SCENE 389

AT GROUP - MEDIUM SHOT

Madden nods and crosses to a desk, speaking. Chan follows.

_

**MADDEN: Glad to give it to you. It's been waiting around here for three days.**

_SCENE 390

AT DESK - MEDIUM CLOSE

He sits down at his desk, continuing.

_

**Just have to sign it.**

_He puts the necklace on a blotter, pulls open the middle drawer and lifts out
a paper, taking a pen in his right hand. Chan is watching narrowly. Madden
pulls out his watch with his left hand...glances at it...puts it away, and
turns to Victor._

**MADDEN: Good thing you came when you did...I'll just have time to make that train.**

_SCENE 391

VICTOR - CLOSE SHOT

_

**VICTOR:** _(Beaming)_ **Glad I could help.**

_SCENE 392

AT DESK - MEDIUM CLOSE

Madden turns back and starts writing his name, Chan watching.

  
INSERT OF PAPER: MADDENS RIGHT HAND writes the name with unusual slowness.

  
BACK TO SCENE: Madden puts down the pen and starts to get up. Chan suddenly
grabs at the pearls. Madden also grabs, instinctively reaching with his left
hand...but too late. Chan has them and darts back.

_

**MADDEN:** _(Bellowing)_ **What's this?! Why you crazy...   
  
CHAN:** _(Grimly)_ **Will retain the pearls.

  
MADDEN:** _(Snarling)_ **You will, will you? We'll see about that!**

_As he speaks, he grabs into the middle drawer, again with his left hand,
pulling out a revolver. There is a thundering report and a flash of fire
through the folds of Chan's voluminous sleeve. Madden staggers back, his left
arm going limp, the gun clattering to the floor. As he does so, Chan speaks
calmly._

**CHAN: Left-handed man always uses left hand...should also use correct name...Jerry Delaney.**

_SCENE 393

ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Thorne is poised to spring.

_

**DELANEY: He's insane!   
  
VICTOR:** _(Rushing forward, shouting furiously)_ **You fool...shooting
Madden! Give me that gun!**

_The gun appears from Chan's sleeve, trained on Victor._

**CHAN:** _(Evenly)_ **You also, stand back with others.**

_Victor cowers back, thinking Chan is mad. Chan turns to Delaney._

**CHAN: Anxious man hurries too fast, Mr. Delaney...often stubs big toe. Pretended real grief when old parrot dies, but forgot to show same for loyal man-servant murdered.**

_The front door crashes open. Constable Brackett thunders in, gun in hand,
Inspector Bliss following._

**BRACKETT:** _(Bellowing)_ **What was that shooting?! **_(He sees Chan and glares triumphantly) _**Oh, it's you again, eh?** _(Aiming his gun at Chan)_ **Give me that gun.**

_He starts for Chan.

  
SCENE 394

THORNE AND GAMBLE - CLOSE SHOT

They are suddenly warily alert.

  
SCENE 395

DELANEY, CHAN AND BRACKETT - MEDIUM SHOT -

Chan is helpless. Brackett takes his gun.

_

**CHAN:** _(Protesting)_ **You make great mistake. I am Detective Sergeant Chan of Honolulu Police.   
  
BRACKETT:** _(Snarling)_ **And I'm the Queen of Sheba. **_(Grabbing Chan
roughly) _**Come with us.**

_Delaney, very poised, halts the Constable._

**DELANEY: Just a minute, Constable. He has a pearl necklace he took from me.   
  
BRACKETT:** _(Glaring at Chan)_ **You have, eh? Give it up!

  
CHAN: **_(Quickly)_ **He is not Mr. Madden.**

!["He is not Mr.
Madden."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene395.jpg)

_Brackett looks at Delaney, surprised, then back at Chan._

**BRACKETT: You're nuts! I've known Mr. Madden for years.**

_He takes the pearls from Chan and hands them to Delaney, who drops them in
his pocket._

**DELANEY: Thanks.**

_SCENE 396

BRACKETT - AND CHAN - MEDIUM CLOSE PAN SHOT -

Brackett grabs Chan and drags him toward door. WE PAN WITH THEM. The door has
been left open. As WE PAN into scene the real Madden suddenly appears from
outside darkness, followed by Bob and Paula, and behind them Holley with gun
in Maydorf's ribs. Madden's hair is rumpled, his face bearded and pale. He is
in his shirt sleeves, his arm in a sling. His shoulder is stained with dried
blood. Brackett comes to a dazed halt as if he has seen a ghost, looking
helplessly from Madden to Delaney, and back.

_

**BRACKETT:** _(Stammering)_ **Mr. Madden...!**

_Madden nods. He stares across at Delaney.

  
SCENE 397

GAMBLE, THORNE AND DELANEY - MEDIUM CLOSE

They are staring off scene at Madden.

  
SCENE 398

ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Madden's eyes drill into Delaney.

_

**MADDEN:** _(Grimly)_ **Almost got away with it, didn't you Jerry. You always were good at it.**

_Delaney suddenly makes a dash for the closed patio doors. Chan is a little
quicker, grabbing Delaney and doing a jiu-jitsu throw over his back.

  
SCENE 399

AT SIDE WALL - MEDIUM SHOT

A small size table stands against the wall. Delaney crashes full length
against the wall and floor, knocking over the table and bric-a-brac. He is
half stunned.

  
SCENE 400

CHAN - CLOSE SHOT

He straightens up with a wry face, his hand on his back as if he had a crick
in it.

_

**CHAN:** _(Smiling)_ **Ancient bones creak with pleasure.**

_SCENE 401

ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

As Bliss hurries across and slaps handcuffs on Delaney, Chan turns to Madden
and continues:

_

**Most happy to see corpse from bedroom alive.**

_Madden nods gratefully. Brackett breaks in, addressing Madden:_

**BRACKETT:** _(Apologetically)_ **Sorry about this, Mr. Madden. That bird had me fooled.   
  
MADDEN:** _(With a grim smile)_ **I don't blame you, Brackett. He used to be
an actor until he discovered he was almost my twin...then he started a racket
impersonating me in New York years ago.** _(He turns grimly to Thorne)_ **You
remembered that, didn't you, Thorne...waited for a chance to double-cross
me.**

_Thorne is silent. Madden adds bitterly._

**I thought I had found&nbsp_place_holder;_one_ man who could be loyal to me.**

_He turns to Brackett, indicating Thorne wearily._

**Arrest him...take them away.**

_Brackett nods. He and Bliss herd Delaney and Thorne toward the door. Chan
stops Bliss.

  
SCENE 402

AT BLISS AND DELANEY - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**CHAN:** _(Mildly)_ **One moment, please.**

_He reaches into Delaney's pocket and takes the necklace. Bliss starts on with
Delaney.

  
SCENE 403

AT GAMBLE - MEDIUM SHOT

Gamble sees his opportunity. He starts moving toward the bedroom hallway,
clearing his throat dignifiedly.

_

**GAMBLE: I owe you an apology, gentlemen. I'm very sorry to have been innocently drawn into this tangle. I will leave at once.**

_As he reaches the door, he finds Chan blocking his way.

  
SCENE 404

AT TWO - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**CHAN: Innocent man would not carry knife used to murder Louie Wong.   
  
GAMBLE:** _(Sputtering)_ **Why, this is preposterous! Outrageous!**

_Even as he speaks Chan jerks open his coat.

  
INSERT: OF VEST AND ARMPIT. A leather sheath is strapped by the armpit. In it
is a knife.

  
BACK TO SCENE: Chan pulls out the thin-bladed wicked looking knife.

_

**CHAN:** _(Smiling slightly)_ **Should not sleep with knife under pillow. Found interesting impression on sheet when making bed.**

_He points the knife toward Gamble, herding him out of scene.

  
SCENE 405

ROOM - MEDIUM SHOT

Chan herds Gamble toward the door, where Brackett, who has turned back, is
waiting. Brackett exits with Gamble. Chan turns toward Madden.

  
SCENE 406

AT CHAN AND MADDEN - MEDIUM CLOSE

Chan hands Madden the necklace with a sigh of relief.

_

**CHAN: **_(Smiling) _**Often round-about path to correct destination.**

!["Often round-about path to correct
destination."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couccsmiling07a.jpg)

_DISSOLVE TO:

  
SCENE 407

EL DORADO STATION - AT OBSERVATION CAR PLATFORM - MEDIUM CLOSE - NIGHT -

The gate and trap door are open. Chan and Bob are on rear platform with coats
and grip, ready to leave. Paula has stepped up on platform with them to say
goodbye. Bob and Paula are looking at each other, rather helplessly, unhappy
at parting. Chan, a couple of feet away, is setting his grip down by door.

  
SCENE 408

AT BOB AND PAULA - CLOSE SHOT

Bob tries to make conversation.

_

**BOB: When are you going back to Los Angeles?   
  
PAULA:** _(Quietly)_ **Probably Wednesday.

  
BOB:** _(An instant's pause)_ **Would you mind if I flew down to see you?

  
PAULA: No...I'd enjoy it.

  
BOB:** _(Smiling)_ **Thanks.** _(The smile fades, he looks at her hungrily)_
**You know...if it weren't for that engagement ring I think I'd kidnap you to
San Francisco tonight.**

_SCENE 409

AT THREE - MEDIUM CLOSE

_

**PAULA: **_(Smiling) _**It's always proved a protection.**

_She turns to Chan, extending her right hand._

**PAULA: Goodbye, Mr. Chan   
  
CHAN:** _(Smiling appreciatively)_ **Goodbye.**

_He smiles down at the small hand held in his. His eyes narrow. He looks up
quickly at Bob._

_(Indicating hand)_ **Suggest noticing that supposed engagement ring usually
worn on right hand.**

!["...engagement ring usually worn on right
hand."](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/couscriptscene409.jpg)

_Bob takes her hand and looks at it.

  
INSERT OF HAND: A faint white circle shows on right hand ring finger.

  
BACK TO SCENE: Bob stars into Paula's eyes in questioning accusation.

_

**BOB: Have you been lying all this time?**

_Paula seems almost relieved at having to confess._

**PAULA:** _(Nodding)_ **There isn't any Wilbur.**

_There is a flash of relief in Bob's face. He takes her impulsively in his
arms, grinning._

**BOB: I thought his name was Jack.**

_He kisses her. As he does so, the bell up forward rings and the train starts
to move...the Camera with it._

**CHAN: **_(Hastily) _**Suggest important need of third ticket. Will attend to same.**

_He quickly and adroitly goes into car, with a backward smile at the two.

  
SCENE 410

TRAIN TRACKS TOWARD REAR PLATFORM - FULL SHOT

The train pulls away down the track. As it grows smaller, speeding away in the
darkness, the two figures in each other's arms silhouetted against the dim
light of the platform, we _

![FADE OUT...](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/grescriptfinalshot.jpg)

_FADE OUT. _

**   
**

**_THE END._**

**

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

**

[![Return to The "Lost" Charlie Chan Film Scripts](sitebuildercontent/sitebuil
derpictures/.pond/lostchanscriptslink02.jpg.w180h21.jpg)](id67.html)

[![Return to Charlie Chan Family Home ENTRANCE](sitebuildercontent/sitebuilder
pictures/charliechanfamilylink.jpg)](index.html)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

![](/imagelib/sitebuilder/layout/spacer.gif)

