![](Josh_logo_small2.gif)

![](fromthepen.jpg)

![](Lunatics.gif)

  

**_Lunatics:  
A Love Story_**

An Original Screenplay

by

Josh Becker

Revised 08/01/89

Copyright (C) 1989 Renaissance Pictures II, Ltd.

All Rights Reserved

  
EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES - DAY

The enormous skyscrapers of downtown Los Angeles are dramatically illuminated
by the warm orange rays of the rising sun.&nbsp_place_holder; In accelerated
motion the clouds boil above the buildings and the sun travels across the
sky.&nbsp_place_holder; The shadows of the buildings circle around in front of
them.

Our view moves into the city . . .

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_h
older;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hol
der;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holde
r;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;DISSOLVE:

EXT. ALLEY - DAY

We move along the pavement of an alley - a thin, trashy alley with garbage
cans tipped over and thick, colorful graffiti coating the walls.

Our view moves rapidly toward the far wall of the alley that is totally
covered in graffiti.&nbsp_place_holder; A garbage truck drives past blocking
the wall for a second.&nbsp_place_holder; We reach the wall and come to an
abrupt halt on one word clearly written in graffiti - "LUNATICS."

Our view travels straight up the wall.&nbsp_place_holder; The credits come in
from the top and go out the bottom.&nbsp_place_holder; The graffiti on the
wall says, "6TH STREET ORPHANS - Comet, Presto, Joker, Fuzzy, Cueball . . ."

With the last credit, we reach the top of the wall.

  
EXT. ROOFTOP - DAY

We move across the rooftop of a building, past a skylight, hanging laundry, a
pidgeon coop, toward the backside of a billboard.&nbsp_place_holder; As we
near the metal grating in the back of the billboard we go up and over it to .
. .

  
EXT. HANK'S BUILDING - DAY

A decaying old four-story apartment building in a crummy residential section
of downtown L.A.

In the second story apartment window yellowed curtains sway in the
breeze.&nbsp_place_holder; A fan in the window turns lazily.

On the sidewalk in front of the building there are cars going by and
pedestrian traffic.&nbsp_place_holder; A black, female MAILWOMAN steps into
view pushing a mail cart.

The Mailwoman steps in front of the building and sorts
letters.&nbsp_place_holder; The numbers "1-2-4-1" are chiseled into the front
of the building to the right of the door.&nbsp_place_holder; The Mailwoman
goes inside.

  
INT. HANK'S BUILDING LOBBY - DAY

The Mailwoman enters the dirty, poorly lit lobby of the
building.&nbsp_place_holder; She pulls out her extendo keychain, unlocks the
mailboxes and begins distributing the mail into the boxes.

A first floor apartment door opens to the length of the chain lock and an eye
peers out.&nbsp_place_holder; A moment later the door opens and out steps a
very old Jewish woman perambulating with the aid of a
walker.&nbsp_place_holder; She is MRS. RABINOWITZ.&nbsp_place_holder; She has
a Hungarian accent.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS.
RABINOWITZ

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Later and later
you come everyday.

The Mailwoman doesn't even look up.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAILWOMAN

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm here the
same time everyday.&nbsp_place_holder; This is the end

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;of the route.

Mrs. Rabinowitz hobbles up to get her mail.

A middle-aged Mexican woman comes down the steps.&nbsp_place_holder; She is
MRS. RAMIREZ.&nbsp_place_holder; She goes to her mailbox, unlocks it and waits
impatiently for her mail to be put in.&nbsp_place_holder; She remarks to the
Mailwoman rather snidely . . .

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. RAMIREZ

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;So, you finally
get here.

The Mailwoman doesn't look up.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAILWOMAN

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm here the
same time everyday.

Mrs. Rabinowitz and Mrs. Ramirez look at one another and each make the same
face saying, "Oh, sure."

Another first floor apartment door opens.&nbsp_place_holder; Out steps an old
black man with white hair.&nbsp_place_holder; He is MR.
JACKSON.&nbsp_place_holder; He bows slightly to the women.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. JACKSON

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Good afternoon,
ladies.

They nod back to him.&nbsp_place_holder; He takes out his mail.

The Mailwoman takes several letters and attempts to shove them into a mailbox
that's already too full.&nbsp_place_holder; No more letters will go
in.&nbsp_place_holder; The Mailwoman takes another key from her ring and
unlocks the mailbox marked "Henry Stone, 206."&nbsp_place_holder; About thirty
letters come pouring out.

Everybody at the mailboxes turns and looks.&nbsp_place_holder; The Mailwoman
picks the letters up off the floor.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAILWOMAN

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Does any of you
know this Henry Stone in 206?

They all look at each other and shrug.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. RAMIREZ

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I live next door
to him.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAILWOMAN

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, when you
see him could you tell him to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;pick up his
mail.&nbsp_place_holder; This has got to be a month's

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;worth right
here.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. RAMIREZ

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Four months I
been here and I never see him.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAILWOMAN

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(surprised)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;At all?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. RAMIREZ

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Never
once.&nbsp_place_holder; I know he's in there though 'cause

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I hear him
scream in the middle of the night.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. JACKSON

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(adding in)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And I know he
gets his deliveries from Wong's

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Grocery, 'cause
I do too and the delivery boy

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;axed me about
him.&nbsp_place_holder; But I never seen him neither.

Mrs. Rabinowitz nods knowingly.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS.
RABINOWITZ

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I've seen him.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(everyone turns to her)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;When he moved
in, maybe six months ago,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;he looked like a
nice boy.&nbsp_place_holder; Maybe a little

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;tired
looking.&nbsp_place_holder; But I've never seen him again.

The Mailwoman looks at Henry Stone's pile of mail for a moment, then crams it
back into the mailbox marked "206" and smashes the door closed.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS.
RABINOWITZ

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Why do you think
he doesn't come out from

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;there?&nbsp_plac
e_holder; You think maybe he's meshugena?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. JACKSON

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I knew a fellah
once didn't come out of his house

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;for nearly a
year.&nbsp_place_holder; When he finally did come out

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;he had a shotgun
and killed three people that was

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;jus' walkin'
by.&nbsp_place_holder; Anybody that don't come outta

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;their 'partment
for six months gotta be crazy.

Everyone thinks about this for a second, then shrugs and heads back to their
apartment holding their mail.

The two first floor apartment doors close, the Mailwoman leaves the building
and Mrs. Rameriz goes up the stairs.

  
INT. 2ND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT

Mrs. Rameriz walks up the second floor hallway.&nbsp_place_holder; She stops
in front of the apartment door marked "204" and starts to unlock
it.&nbsp_place_holder; Slowly she turns her head and glances down to the end
of the hall.

At the very end of the hall is a door marked "206".

Mrs. Rameriz looks at the door for a moment, then shakes her head and mutters
to herself.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. RAMERIZ

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Loco.

She steps inside her apartment shutting the door firmly behind her and locking
it.

We hang on the empty hallway, then slowly move up the hall to the apartment
door marked "206".

When we arrive at the door, our view goes below the door-knob to the keyhole,
then right through the keyhole into the apartment . . .

  
INT. HANK'S LIVING ROOM/BEDROOM - DAY

We move forward up a dark hallway toward bright sunlight streaming in through
a window.&nbsp_place_holder; We move past a door on the right leading to the
empty kitchen, then past another door on the left to an empty bathroom.

We move into a brightly lit living room right up to the open
windows.&nbsp_place_holder; Yellowed curtains sway in the breeze and a fan
slowly turns.

The view out the windows is of another apartment building across the
street.&nbsp_place_holder; On the roof of the building is a billboard for
"LULU'S LINGERIE" with a picture of a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN lying on her side
wearing scanty lingerie.

A rickity bookshelf below the window is filled with paperbacks: "PAPA
HEMINGWAY," "WIRED," "JANIS," "NO ONE HERE GETS OUT ALIVE," "THE COMPLETE
TALES AND POEMS OF EDGAR ALLEN POE," "THE BELL JAR," etc.

As our view begins to scan the living room we see that all of the walls are
completely covered with tin foil!&nbsp_place_holder; Roll after roll after
roll, floor to ceiling - and parts of the ceiling, too.

The furniture is old and tattered.&nbsp_place_holder; A couch, an easy chair,
a desk covered with spiral notebooks, a coffee table coated with fermenting
dirty dishes, newspapers and books.

There's an old stereo sitting on some orange crates containing a few records
(we can see the cover of "ZAMFIR/ MASTER OF THE PANFLUTE").

At the far right side of the living room is a doorway.&nbsp_place_holder;
Through the doorway is a bedroom.&nbsp_place_holder; We move inside.

It is pretty barren except for a single bed.

From beneath the bed two wide, frightened eyes peer out.&nbsp_place_holder;
These belong to HENRY (HANK) STONE.&nbsp_place_holder; He is 24 years old, has
messy brown hair and deep sunken eyes that are bugging out.

Hank can clearly hear the sound of a hospital operating room - the sucking of
a respirator pump, a bleeping EKG, the hissing of the gas and a doctor's
intense voice.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DOCTOR

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Give him the
juice.

We hear the Zap!&nbsp_place_holder; Of an electrical jolt.&nbsp_place_holder;
Hank spasms under the bed.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DOCTOR

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No
good.&nbsp_place_holder; We'll have to go in.&nbsp_place_holder; Remove the
top

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;of the skull.

We hear the high-pitched whizzing of a bone saw - Zizzzzzzz!!

  
INT. HANK'S HEAD

Our view goes right into Hank's bulging left eye, into his pupil, through his
optic nerve and into his brain.&nbsp_place_holder; We see his synapses
snapping and popping, faces and images whirring and whizzing past.

Suddenly ferocious little white worms eat their way through the cerebral
cortex and frontal lobe.&nbsp_place_holder; The horrid little worms have razor
sharp teeth and hungrily devour Hank's brain.&nbsp_place_holder; A bright
light moves across the brain and the worms quickly duck back into their holes.

  
INT. WHITE LIMBO

A MASKED DOCTOR removes the top of Hank's skull.&nbsp_place_holder; He peers
down at the brain and reaches toward it with a scalpel.

  
INT. HANK'S BEDROOM - DAY

Hank's eyes are tightly closed, his brow furrowed and
tense.&nbsp_place_holder; He has his hands on either side of his head and
pushes as hard as he can in an attempt to squeeze the bad things out his ears.

Finally, Hank opens his eyes and glances down at his chest.&nbsp_place_holder;
He sees a common household spider (the variety often found under beds)
crawling toward his face.

Hank totally panics.&nbsp_place_holder; He swipes at the spider, sits up
banging his head on the bedsprings, then quickly rolls out from under the bed.

He stands up still wiping at himself like there's probably other spiders he
missed.&nbsp_place_holder; He leans against the door-frame hyperventilating
and blinking rapidly.&nbsp_place_holder; He can't seem to calm
down.&nbsp_place_holder; He is wearing baggy khaki pants and a Detroit Pistons
t-shirt.

Suddenly he shakes his head really hard and intentionally wallops the side of
his head against the door-frame.&nbsp_place_holder; That wakes him
up.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank rubs the side of his head tenderly.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Another day.

  
INT. HANK'S LIVING ROOM - DAY

Hank steps into the living room.&nbsp_place_holder; Warm rays of sunlight beam
in through the windows, refracting and reflecting off the
tinfoil.&nbsp_place_holder; Motes of dust float gently through the air.

Hank makes a slow wandering circuit around his living room.&nbsp_place_holder;
He flexes his palms and rubs the muscles in his neck.

As he passes the window he runs his finger along the
windowsill.&nbsp_place_holder; He looks at the dust on his finger, blows on
it, then wipes it on his pants.

As he passes the bookshelf he stops and takes a look.&nbsp_place_holder; He
opens an old red hardcover book, "THE COMPLETE TALES AND POEMS OF EDGAR ALLEN
POE."&nbsp_place_holder; Hank reads out loud.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;"Once upon a
midnight dreary/while I pondered

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;weak and
weary/over many a quaint and curious

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;volume of
forgotten lore . . ."

He wearily shuts the book and keeps walking.

As he passes the old black and white television set, he stops and turns on the
switch.&nbsp_place_holder; He jerks his hand away like he just got about a
twenty-five volt shock.&nbsp_place_holder; Before the tubes have a chance to
warm up Hank switches the set off, getting another little shock.

Hank continues his circuit around the room.&nbsp_place_holder; He's a caged
animal.

Hank stops and intently stares down at the telephone.&nbsp_place_holder; It is
a cheap remote phone with an antenna.&nbsp_place_holder; It just sits there on
the coffee table.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank stares at it and stares at it, then
picks up the receiver and listens.&nbsp_place_holder; He hears a dial tone.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It works.

He forlornly hangs up.

  
INT. HANK'S BATHROOM - DAY

Hank's fingernail picks the little globs of dried toothpaste off of his
toothbrush.&nbsp_place_holder; When this job is completed he puts the
toothbrush back in the rack.

He pulls some hairs from his brush and drops them into the
toilet.&nbsp_place_holder; He flushes and intently watches the water swirl
down the drain.

Hank looks up at himself in the mirror and asks . . .

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;"Only this and
nothing more?"

  
INT. HANK'S LIVING ROOM - DAY

Hank sits on the couch staring out the window.&nbsp_place_holder; The sun is
setting directly behind the LuLu's Lingerie billboard across the
street.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank directs all of his attention to the curvaceous
Beautiful Woman reclining in her scanty apparel - a white lace bra, lace
panties, garters, white stockings and high heels.

Hank stares into the flat, lifeless eyes of the photographic woman.

Hank squints.

The Beautiful Woman's eyes are inert.

Hank stares even more intensely.

The Beautiful Woman's eyes blink.

Hank's eyes widen.

The Beautiful Woman is alive and standing in Hank's
apartment.&nbsp_place_holder; She is backlit by the fiery red sun giving her a
glowing, unreal aura.&nbsp_place_holder; She slowly, sensuously walks toward
Hank, her hips swaying, her red lips pursed.

Hank is breathing quickly, his mouth open.

The Beautiful Woman steps up to Hank.&nbsp_place_holder; She puts one leg on
either side of his and stands directly over him.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank looks
straight up at her in awe.&nbsp_place_holder; She lowers herself onto Hank's
lap.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank takes hold of her waist.&nbsp_place_holder; She
begins running her long, red nails through Hank's hair and bites his lower
lip.

The Beautiful Woman begins rocking her hips and tush back and forth on Hank's
lap.&nbsp_place_holder; Her pointy pink tongue tickles the end of Hank's nose.

Suddenly the phone rings excruciatingly loud.&nbsp_place_holder; RIIINNNGGG!!!

The Beautiful Woman is gone.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank grabs at nothing and
falls off the couch.&nbsp_place_holder; He scrambles for the phone.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(into phone)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hello?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;FEMALE VOICE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hank?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(surprised)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Mom.&nbsp_place_
holder; I was just thinking of you.

Hank's MOM remains off-screen.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Really?&nbsp_pla
ce_holder; How nice.&nbsp_place_holder; How are you?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Great.&nbsp_plac
e_holder; I'm great.

He looks down to make sure there are no spiders on him.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well I'm glad to
hear it.&nbsp_place_holder; I haven't heard from

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;you in a long
time.

Hank begins to pace around the living room.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I've, uh, been
meaning to call, I just haven't

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;gotten around to
it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(sarcastically)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Too busy?

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(flatly)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, too
busy.&nbsp_place_holder; So how is everyone?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Everyone's doing
fine.&nbsp_place_holder; Are you coming?

Hank begins to retrace his own steps.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Coming where?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To your
brother's wedding.&nbsp_place_holder; Didn't you get the

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;invitation?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(stuck)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Uh . . . The
mail delivery's pretty bad around

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;here.&nbsp_place
_holder; So Tom's finally getting married, huh?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Tom is
married.&nbsp_place_holder; Matt's getting married.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(bewildered)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Tom's
married?&nbsp_place_holder; Since when?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Over a year
now.&nbsp_place_holder; You didn't come to his

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;wedding, it
might be nice if you came to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Matt's.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(panicking)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, that is,
I'd like to.&nbsp_place_holder; But I'm not sure I

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;can make it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(sarcastically)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Too busy
again?&nbsp_place_holder; Hank, what do you do all

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;day long?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I know it's hard
for you to understand, but

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I write.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Poetry?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yes, poetry.

Hank steps up beside his desk.&nbsp_place_holder; It is covered with spiral
notebooks and black fine point rollerball pens.&nbsp_place_holder; On top of
everything is a letter with the letterhead "The California
Review."&nbsp_place_holder; These words comprise the opening half of the first
sentence, "We appreciate your interest and submission, however . . ."

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It just doesn't
make sense to me, Hank.&nbsp_place_holder; You

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;sit in your room
all day and write poetry?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, I don't
write it all day.&nbsp_place_holder; I have to think it

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;up
first.&nbsp_place_holder; That's the hard part.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Okay . . . So,
are you coming?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(hesitant)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, uh . . .
I'd like to be there but Michigan's

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;a long way away.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You won't have
to walk.&nbsp_place_holder; We'll send you a plane

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;ticket.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's not that,
it's just . . . I don't want to leave.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm happy here.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(amazed)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You're
happy?&nbsp_place_holder; Hank, this is your mother

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;you're talking
to.&nbsp_place_holder; You haven't been happy

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;in years.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, maybe not
happy.&nbsp_place_holder; But content.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hank, you're not
being truthful to me or yourself.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You're the most
unhappy person I know.&nbsp_place_holder; And

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;the least
content.

Hank looks like he's getting mad, but holding himself back.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Mom, I'm
happy.&nbsp_place_holder; I swear.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Don't you want
to get married, Hank?&nbsp_place_holder; Doesn't

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;it bother you
just a little that both of your

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;younger
brothers'll be married and you're not?

Hank closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.&nbsp_place_holder; A look of
deep pain fills his face.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Not at
all.&nbsp_place_holder; Some guys are just bachelors, mom.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Get used to it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;If you looked
for a girl you might find one.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's not easy
meeting people in a big city.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Then come
home.&nbsp_place_holder; Matt met Lisa at the village

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;pancake
supper.&nbsp_place_holder; You could meet someone too.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Just come home.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(deeply pained)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I can't,
mom.&nbsp_place_holder; I just can't.&nbsp_place_holder; Give my love to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;everyone and
congratulate Matt for me, okay?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(hurting)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Don't go,
Hank.&nbsp_place_holder; Talk to me some more.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I
can't.&nbsp_place_holder; I gotta go.&nbsp_place_holder; It was nice talking
to you.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I love you,
Hank.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I love you, too,
mom.&nbsp_place_holder; See ya.

He hangs up.&nbsp_place_holder; He begins to walk in circles around the living
room nodding his head as the last rays of sunlight crawl up the
wall.&nbsp_place_holder; The room slowly descends into deep blue.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(to himself)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm
happy.&nbsp_place_holder; I'm content.&nbsp_place_holder; I've got my whole

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;life wired.

He reaches up and turns on a lamp.&nbsp_place_holder; He gets about a forty
volt shock and recoils.

Hank sits down on the couch and picks up the L.A. Metro
Newspaper.&nbsp_place_holder; On the back is an ad for a 976
Partyline.&nbsp_place_holder; It depicts happy, handsome young men and women
engaged in lively conversation.

Hank picks up the telephone and dials.&nbsp_place_holder; It rings a few
times, then is answered.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank can hear five or six people
having a conversation, laughing and exchanging phone
numbers.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank smiles.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(into phone)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hi, this is
Hank.&nbsp_place_holder; I'm on, too.

Everyone stops talking at once.&nbsp_place_holder; There are a few coughs,
then one by one everyone hangs up.&nbsp_place_holder; One girl's voice
remains.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;GIRL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hello?&nbsp_plac
e_holder; Is anyone there?

Hank smiles

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hi.&nbsp_place_h
older; This is Hank.&nbsp_place_holder; What's your name?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;GIRL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;. . . Get lost,
creep!

She hangs up, too.&nbsp_place_holder; Now there is jus a dial
tone.&nbsp_place_holder; Hank looks hurt and slowly hangs up.

Hank shrugs.&nbsp_place_holder; That's okay.&nbsp_place_holder; He looks back
at the L.A. Metro and spots another partyline ad.&nbsp_place_holder; The
number is 976-0823.&nbsp_place_holder; He dials the push-button
phone.&nbsp_place_holder; His finger pushes nine, then seven, then six, then
zero, then eight, then two, then three.&nbsp_place_holder; It rings and a
recording comes on.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;OPERATOR

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm sorry, the
number you have dialed, six-six-

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;six-six-six-six-
six is not in service.&nbsp_place_holder; Please hang

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;up and dial your
call again.

Hank looks truly baffled.&nbsp_place_holder; He glances down at the telephone
and all of the buttons are marked six!

Hank drops the receiver.&nbsp_place_holder; He grabs his head and rubs and
squishes.&nbsp_place_holder; The worms are trying to eat their way out.

From the receiver a voice can be heard.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;OPERATOR

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Please hang up
and try your call again . . .

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Please hang up
and try your call again . . .

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Please hang up,
get a life, and try your call

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;again . . .
Please hang up, get a life, and try

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;your call again
. . .

Hank gets more tense, switches the phone off and puts it into its base.

He takes several deep breaths and continues rubbing his
temples.&nbsp_place_holder; In his head is the sound of a phone left off the
hook too long - Eee-oooh, eee-oooh, eee-oooh.&nbsp_place_holder; He picks up
the receiver and slams it back down.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Shut up!

But the sound doesn't stop.

Hank crawls to the center of the living room and begins to slowly pound his
head on the floor.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder; HANK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(desperately)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm
happy.&nbsp_place_holder; I'm happy.&nbsp_place_holder; I'm really, really

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;happy . . .

Our view of Hank pulls back out the window.

  
EXT. HANK'S BUILDING - NIGHT

Hank is a dim silhouette seen through his window.

His window is just one of many in the building.

And his building is just one of many in the city.

  
EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES - NIGHT

The tall buildings are all lit up.

Traffic streaks by on the freeways.

Long lines of Mexicans wait for Spanish dubbed quadruple bills at huge old
movie palaces.

  
EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT

This is a very bad part of downtown.&nbsp_place_holder; Refuse covers the
street and sidewalk, there are bums and nodding junkies in most of the
doorways, bag ladies and shopping cart people wander past on their way to
nowhere, drug deals are being transacted right on the corners.

In a large pile of garbage on the street, right at the very top, sits a half-
dead rhododendron in a cracked clay pot.&nbsp_place_holder; The pot is
encircled with black electrical tape.&nbsp_place_holder; There is also a
peeling peace sticker on it.

On the sidewalk, behind the plant, appear two worn out
sneakers.&nbsp_place_holder; Above the sneakers are tight faded blue jeans,
worn through in many places and a tight blue t-shirt outlining a shapely
female figure.&nbsp_place_holder; Residing within these clothes is NANCY
BRYANT, a pretty 25 year old girl with straight blonde
hair.&nbsp_place_holder; She has a little green backpack on her back.

Nancy looks at the dying, discarded rhododendron in the garbage heap and a
look of pity fills her eyes.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Aw, you poor
baby.&nbsp_place_holder; You'll be all right.&nbsp_place_holder; I'll

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;save you.

She looks all around, blinks several times in a strange way, then reaches out
and takes the plant.

Nancy walks up the nasty street clutching the plant to her chest, potting soil
dribbling down her front.

Nancy's forward motion is blocked by TWO MALE DRUNKS in the midst of kicking
the crap out of each other in the middle of the sidewalk.&nbsp_place_holder; A
crowd of six or seven BAR PATRONS surround the fighters cheering them on,
several still holding their drinks.

Nancy tries to edge her way around the fracas.&nbsp_place_holder; As she goes
past, she and one of the battling drunks catch each other's
eye.&nbsp_place_holder; That's the moment that his drunken opponent takes to
belt him as hard as he can in the nose.&nbsp_place_holder; The drunk flies
forward past Nancy and his head smashes into a parking
meter.&nbsp_place_holder; The little red flag inside the meter pops up,
"Violation."&nbsp_place_holder; The drunk drops to the pavement out cold.

Nancy watches as everyone cheers, then makes their way back into the bar
dragging the unconscious man with them.&nbsp_place_holder; Nancy is shocked
and keeps walking.

Nancy's open hand holds a hotel key.&nbsp_place_holder; On the plastic ring it
says, "St. Moritz Hotel - L.A.'s most modern hotel."&nbsp_place_holder; Nancy
closes her hand revealing across the street. . .

  
EXT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL - NIGHT

The St. Moritz Hotel, a sleazy flea-bag hotel with a fire escape adorning its
front.&nbsp_place_holder; Vagrants and drunks loiter outside.

Nancy sighs and heads across the street.

  
INT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT

Inside the ugly, run-down, ill-lit lobby a scene from a Fellini movie is
taking place: a black PIMP is yelling at a dumpy, old white HOOKER, who is
yelling back, two shady-looking DRUG-DEALERS are making a transaction, a
JUNKIE is nodding and humming to himself, his cigarette having burned right
down between his fingers, a fat, bald DESK CLERK sits behind the counter
watching a black and white TV with bad reception and the volume cranked too
loud.

Nancy enters the lobby holding her plant.&nbsp_place_holder; She tries to hide
behind the plant and quickly make her way across the lobby to the stairs.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hey,
you!&nbsp_place_holder; With the tree!&nbsp_place_holder; Get over here!

Nancy takes on an innocent look and walks to the desk.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Who, me?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, the other
girl with the tree.&nbsp_place_holder; You owe me

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;three days for
the room.&nbsp_place_holder; You gotta pay each

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;day.&nbsp_place_
holder; That's $78.50.&nbsp_place_holder; Fork it over!

All of the scum and refuse loitering I the lobby turn and look at Nancy
disapprovingly.

Nancy sets down the plant and takes her wallet out of her
pack.&nbsp_place_holder; She peers I and there is a twenty, a five and three
ones.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I've only got
twenty dollars. . .

She takes out the twenty and the Desk Clerk snatches it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Get the rest or
I'll have you thrown outta here

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;tonight!

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;My boyfriend has
it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Your boyfriend
ain't been around in a few days.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Maybe he ain't
comin' back.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;He's coming
back.

Nancy picks up the plant and dirt spills down her shirt.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And what'dya
think you're doing with that?

He points at the plant.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm going to
save it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh,
sure.&nbsp_place_holder; You're spillin' dirt everywhere.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Throw the piece
of crap out.

Nancy holds the pot tightly together and heads toward the stairs.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'll be fine,
thank you very much.

Nancy goes up the stairs.

  
INT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT

Nancy gets inside of the sleazy little hotel room with a torn bedspread and a
broken lampshade and locks the door behind her.&nbsp_place_holder; She turns
around and bumps right into RAY, a handsome, greasy punk who is just coming
out of the bathroom.&nbsp_place_holder; They both scare each other and gasp.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;What're you
doing here?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;We checked in
together, didn't we?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;But the desk
clerk said he hadn't seen you.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;How'd you get up
here?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;He just wasn't
payin' attention.&nbsp_place_holder; What's that?

Ray points at the plant.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;A
rhododendron.&nbsp_place_holder; Where have you been?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Venice.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(amazed)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Italy?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No,
California.&nbsp_place_holder; Near Santa Monica.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I don't know
where that is.&nbsp_place_holder; I don't know

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;where anything
is.&nbsp_place_holder; I haven't been out of

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;this horrible
neighborhood yet.&nbsp_place_holder; Why didn't

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;you come back?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I ran out of
money.&nbsp_place_holder; You got any?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No.&nbsp_place_h
older; The guy at the desk just took my last twenty,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;and we owe still
him more.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That's too
bad.&nbsp_place_holder; Look, Nance, uh. . . It's time

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;for us to go our
separate ways.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(hit hard)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;What?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Look, I asked ya
if ya wanted to go out west

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;with
me.&nbsp_place_holder; Well, here we are.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You mean this is
it?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;We can't go any
further west.&nbsp_place_holder; This is the end

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;of the road.

Nancy begins blinking rapidly.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I can't believe
this.&nbsp_place_holder; How can I be so wrong so

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;often?&nbsp_plac
e_holder; Am I totally blind?&nbsp_place_holder; How could I have

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;thought we had a
future together?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I don't
know.&nbsp_place_holder; You must be nuts 'cause we have

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;nothing in
common.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm bad
luck.&nbsp_place_holder; Everything I touch is cursed.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;RAY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You keep saying
it, it must be true.&nbsp_place_holder; You seem

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;to think that
everything that ever went wrong in

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;history is your
fault.&nbsp_place_holder; Maybe you're right.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Anyway, I'm not
stickin' around to find out.

Nancy has a flat, dazed expression.&nbsp_place_holder; She takes the plant
into the bathroom.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I must've been
someone like Ivan the Terrible

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;in my past life
and now I'm paying for it.

Ray looks at the bathroom doorway, then quickly takes Nancy's wallet out of
her pack.&nbsp_place_holder; He opens it and sees the five and three
ones.&nbsp_place_holder; He starts to take the ones, pauses and instead takes
the five.&nbsp_place_holder; He starts to put the wallet back, but then on
second thought takes the three ones as well.&nbsp_place_holder; Then he
empties the change compartment and takes all of her change, too.

  
INT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT

Nancy has put a belt around the clay pot, pulls it tight and buckles
it.&nbsp_place_holder; She pours a couple of glasses of water into the pot,
then heads out of the bathroom.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;What about the
hotel bill. . . ?

  
INT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT

When Nancy steps back into the room she finds that Ray is
gone.&nbsp_place_holder; The door is open.

A look of deep pain crosses Nancy's face.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(quietly)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;. . . 'Bye.

  
EXT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL - NIGHT

Ray comes down the fire escape attached to the front of the
building.&nbsp_place_holder; He brushes off his hands and glances through the
front window at the Desk Clerk who is watching TV.

Ray grins and dashes across the street to a waiting red Corvette convertible
with a pretty BLONDE with big hair at the wheel.&nbsp_place_holder; Ray gets
in and the Blonde starts the car and revs it.

The Desk Clerk glances up and Ray and the Blonde in the Corvette edge out into
traffic.&nbsp_place_holder; He looks puzzled and shakes his head.

Nancy stands at the window of the room watching as the Corvette drives
away.&nbsp_place_holder; She blinks rapidly and turns despondently away from
the window.

  
INT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT

The door to the stairway opens and Nancy steps into the ongoing Fellini movie
in the lobby.&nbsp_place_holder; She is wearing an oversized black leather
jacket, has her pack on her back and holds the plant.&nbsp_place_holder; She
starts across the lobby trying to be inconspicuous.

The Desk Clerk looks up at Nancy and points his thumb at the window.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You just missed
your boyfriend.&nbsp_place_holder; And he didn't

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;even go through
the lobby, which is a real trick

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;since there's no
back door.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(flatly)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;He's not my
boyfriend anymore.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Aww, that's
tough.&nbsp_place_holder; You got the money you owe

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;me?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Where would I
have gotten it between then and

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;now?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;From your ex-
boyfriend.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;He asked me for
money.&nbsp_place_holder; I told him I gave you

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;my last twenty.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well why don't
you just check and see if you

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;don't have a few
tens.

Nancy shrugs and takes her wallet out of her pack.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I
don't.&nbsp_place_holder; I've only got. . .

She opens her wallet and sees that she has nothing.&nbsp_place_holder; A look
of shock hits her.&nbsp_place_holder; She opens the change compartment and
sees that that's empty too.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;He took
everything.

The Desk Clerk sighs, shakes his head, picks up the phone and dials.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You better sit
down 'cause I'm callin' the cops.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;NANCY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That son of a. .
.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;. . .Save it for
the cops, I've heard it before.

Nancy stands there clutching the plant.&nbsp_place_holder; It's all sinking
in.&nbsp_place_holder; Her eyes go wide with horror as she realizes just what
a terrible situation she's in.

She looks like a caged animal.&nbsp_place_holder; The Desk Clerk motions her
to sit down.

Nancy looks around at the Pimp and the Hooker, who are still arguing, and at
the Junkie who is still nodding, and the Drug Dealers.

Suddenly, Nancy bolts toward the front door.

The Desk Clerk looks up.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DESK CLERK

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hey!

Nancy hits the door and is out onto the street.

A trail of potting soil marks her path.

**[Next Page >](Lunatics-p2.htm)**

**1&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;[2](Lunatics-p2.htm)&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;[3](Lunatics-p3.htm)&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;[4](Lunatics-p4.htm)**

&nbsp_place_holder;

**[** _[Questions or Comments](rules.html)_ **]**

  
B**ECKER**F**ILMS ** S**ITE **M**ENU****

**  
**[ [Main](index.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [ [Film & TV Work](films.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [ [Screenplays](scripts.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; **[ [Old Stuff](oldstuff.html) ]**  
[ [Reviews](reviews.htm) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [ [Articles, Essays &
Stories](articles.html) ] &nbsp_place_holder;[ [Ask the Director](post.html)
]&nbsp_place_holder;

[ [Favorite Films](movielist.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [
[Scrapbook](imagegallery.htm) ] &nbsp_place_holder;[ [Links (&
Afterword)](links.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [ [Web Team](webguy.html) ]**

**T****his site is the property of Josh Becker Copyright (C) 2003 Panoramic Pictures, All Rights Reserved.**   
![Panoramic Pictures Logo](panologo_small.gif)

&nbsp_place_holder;

