![](Josh_logo_small2.gif)

![](screenplays.gif)

[![](HammerBanner.gif)](HAMMERmain.html#orders)

  

April 18, 1999

**_"IF I HAD A HAMMER"_**

By

Josh Becker

_ACT ONE:_

FRONT TITLES: The front title sequence is over a STOCK FOOTAGE montage of the
big news events of 1958 through early 1964 set to The Weavers' version of "If
I Had a Hammer": Elvis Presley, wearing an army uniform, waves as he boards an
airplane for Germany; U.S. troops are shipped to Vietnam where fighting has
begun in earnest; Chuck Berry is indicted for tax evasion; Little Richard
quits music to become an ordained Seventh Day Adventist minister; Martin
Luther King delivers his "I have a dream" speech to a Washington, D.C. civil
rights rally; students hold a sit-in at a university; John and Jackie Kennedy
sit in the back-seat of the presidential Lincoln-Continental cruising down the
streets of Dallas; Jack Ruby shoots Lee Harvey Oswald; LBJ is sworn in as
president; the Beatles arrive in America . . .

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_h
older;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hol
der;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holde
r;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;DISSOLVE:

A title reads: "Saturday, February 8th, 1964."

EXT. "STUDENTS FOR POLITICAL ACTION" OFFICE - DAY

The "Students For Political Action" office is a small storefront located in a
downtown area. Poor, inner-city people fill the streets. A 21-year old beatnik
boy named MAX, with a goatee and a beret, steps up to the front door, pulls
out a key, goes to insert it into the lock and the door swings open. Max finds
this somewhat surprising and enters.

  
INT. "STUDENTS FOR POLITICAL ACTION" OFFICE - DAY

Max steps into the ratty interior of the office -- old and broken office
furniture, torn easy chairs with stuffing hanging out, a torn, yellowing
poster on the wall announcing The Weavers reunion concert at Carnagie Hall --
and he finds the air full of cigarette smoke, which he waves away from his
face. Max turns on the light.

In the very back of the office is LORRAINE DEMPSEY, an attractive, intense
19-year old girl with a short, boyish haircut, wearing a plaid skirt and a
sweater. She cranks a mimeograph machine which on each revolution spits out a
yellow flyer stating in big bold letters, "Free the Springfield Five!!
Emergency Meeting Sunday at 8:00 P.M." Lorraine sees Max and blinks, a
smoldering cigarette butt dangling from her lips.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Lorraine, you're
still here? That's exactly where I

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;left you last
night.

Lorraine squints through the smoke wafting up into her eyes.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm ready, Max.
Nothing can stop me now.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You need to go
to sleep.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(waves her hand)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Nah! I slept all
the time when I was young.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(points)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I've made 500
flyers, you think that's enough?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I should think
so.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And you'll help
me hand them out?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That's why I'm
here.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Good. Y'know,
Max, as I've stood here all night

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;cranking this
machine, it came to me that we're

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;standing at a
crossroads.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;A crossroads to
what?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To a new age.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That's what they
were all saying about Kennedy

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;and Camelot and
all that, but look what happened.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's bigger than
that.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, I think
you've been up too long.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hopefully, it
will be a time when stuff like this . . .

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(waves flyers)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;. . . won't
happen anymore. I mean, if we don't do

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;something right
away these five boys will spend the

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;rest of their
young lives in jail.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hey, you don't
have to convince me. But their pre-trial

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;hearing is
Monday. If they go in there with some cracker,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;redneck, court-
appointed attorney, they'll get life for

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;sure.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I know! This
could well be their last chance. That's

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;why it's so
important and that's why I'm so nervous.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This is the
first important political action that I've

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;personally
organized. People just _have_ to show up.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'll be there.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I mean, _real_
people?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Gosh, thanks a
lot.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(Lorraine smiles)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Look, it's an
important cause, why wouldn't they

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;show up?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(thinks)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Um . . . to make
me look bad?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Make you look
bad to whom, if I may ask?

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Myself.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Is that what
this is all about, Lorraine? Looking good?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, not at all.
It's entirely about those five boys and

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;the injustice
that's being done to them. I mean, if I

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;don't do
something about it why should I expect

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;anyone else to
do anything, right?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Right.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;We all have to
draw a line somewhere and say, "If you

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;go beyond that
line you have to deal with me, too." At

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;least, that's
what I think.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Right. Me, too.
You could always just tackle people

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;out in the
street and drag 'em in kicking and screaming.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I might yet.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I bet you would,
too. But why do you do this,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Lorraine,
staying up all night, burning it at both ends?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Someone's got
to, right?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Do they? Why?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Because if
nobody cares the whole world will go to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;hell.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;But, Lorraine,
you can't save the whole world.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, but I can
try. And step one is getting everyone

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;to care about
this issue, the Springfield Five.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;But you can't
_actually_ make anyone else care about

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;something,
Lorraine. Not really.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh, sure you
can. These are old, time-worn techniques

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;used by the
wobblies before the war. But getting to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;a whole group at
once, that's the trick. That's where

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;songs come in.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(skeptical)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, but even
songs won't make someone care

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;if they don't.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;If it's the
right song being sung the right way.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I don't think
that's true.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(off-handed)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Sure it is. Deep
down I honestly think that people

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;really want to
do what's right and actually _do_ care,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;they just need a
little push in the right direction to get

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;them going, and
that's where I come in.

Lorraine reaches into her sweater pocket and pulls out a pack of cigarettes,
which she finds empty and crumples.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Gotta smoke?

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No. You're an
idealist, Lorraine.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm more than
idealist, Max, I'm an instrument of

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;God.

Lorraine checks out the overflowing ashtray and spots a long butt. She
straightens it out and lights it, then takes a sip of coffee. She winces and
sticks out her tongue.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_Blah!_ How can
coffee get colder than the room

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;it's in?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I don't know.
You going to the Purple Onion tonight?

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh yeah, sure.
Got to.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(she waves a pile of flyers)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I have to get
every single person at the Purple Onion

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;tonight to come
to my meeting Sunday. Those people

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;are what I have
to work with; they're my building

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;materials and
this meeting is my testing ground. If

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I have to yell
and scream, I'll do it. If I have to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;whisper and sing
songs, I'll do that.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And you dig it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, yeah,
that, too.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(snaps her fingers)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That reminds me,
have you got an extra guitar

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;pick?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Not here. You
can always use a matchbook.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;They shred.
That's OK, I'll swing by the music

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;store.

Lorraine sits down and puts on her shoes. Max checks out her legs as she does
this. Suddenly . . .

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Lorraine, you
drive me crazy! Why won't you

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;go out with me?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Look, Max,
you're my friend. Let's leave it at

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;that, OK?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(frustrated)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;But I don't want
to leave it at that.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;If there was
something here, Max, we'd know about

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;it by now,
right?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_I_ know about
it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(shrugs)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It takes two to
tango.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;But what can I
do, Lorraine?

Lorraine smiles and hands Max a thick pile of flyers.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Here. Hand these
out. See ya later, alligator.

Lorraine walks out of the office and Max watches her go, groaning audibly
after she's left.

EXT. "STUDENTS FOR POLITICAL ACTION" OFFICE - DAY

Lorraine exits the office and strides up the street immediately attempting to
hand out flyers.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_Demand justice
now! Free the Springfield Five!_

Most people take the flyers that are offered to them, although many
immediately discard them, some right on the street. When Lorraine sees this
she goes over and picks the flyer back up.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(to herself)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Slob!

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_h
older;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hol
der;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holde
r;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;DISSOLVE:

  
EXT. THE BUCKLEY HOUSE - DAY

This is a small house in a neighborhood of nearly identical homes. Big leafy
trees line the shady street. A red 1960 Ford Falcon sits in the driveway. The
distinctive sound of the Three Stooges playing on TV can be heard from within.
A car pulls up in front of the house.

INT. THE BUCKLEY HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - DAY

DAN BUCKLEY, a 14-year old wearing a Boy Scout uniform, sits watching the
Three Stooges on TV and laughing. The doorbell rings. Dan dashes over and
opens the door. Two other 14-year old boys in Boy Scout uniforms come bursting
in and they all begin talking at once. Dan and his pals leave.

MR. BUCKLEY and MRS. BUCKLEY enter the living room. Phil's Dad is wearing a
bowling shirt and holds a bowling ball up in front of his face.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Be careful with
that in the house.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Hon, please,
I've got to get in the proper frame

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;of mind, OK?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(chuckles)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Get it, "frame"
of mind? Bowling. Frame

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That's great,
dear, you're another Red Skelton.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(imitates Red Skelton's lisp)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Good night and
God ble_sh_.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(looks around)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Where's Phil?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(shakes her head)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Still in bed.

Mr. Buckley looks at his watch and frowns.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's after ten,
what's with him?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You tell me.
Ever since he graduated high school

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;and started
work, he's changed. He just doesn't

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;seem to give a
damn about anything anymore. I

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;don't know what
to do with him.

Mr. Buckley considers this for a moment, then exits the living room.

INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE PHIL'S ROOM - DAY

Phil's Dad steps up to a closed bedroom door, tries the doorknob and finds it
locked.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Phil? You up?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Aren't you
supposed to be at work?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I got the day
off.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;How come?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It just happens
that way sometimes.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Huh. Well, why
don't you get out of bed.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Why? What's the
difference?

Mrs. Buckley steps up beside her husband.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Because it's a
beautiful day.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's a beautiful
day here in my bed, too.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I don't like
this behavior, Phil.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah. So get
your ass out of bed!

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, yeah, I
will.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Do it soon.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;All right. OK.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(shrugs)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Y'know, Phil, if
you waste this day, you'll never

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;get it back.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL (O.S.)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah? Big deal.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(to her husband)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You see?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, I see.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;What can we do?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MR. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;How the hell am
I supposed to know?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(he kisses his wife)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I gotta go. See
ya.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Bye.

Phil's Dad and Mom exit and we stay on Phil's closed bedroom door.

  
INT. PHIL'S BEDROOM - DAY

PHIL BUCKLEY, a tall, handsome, eighteen-year old boy with a crewcut, lies in
bed in his boxer shorts smoking a cigarette. Phil wears a can opener on a
shoelace around his neck. The ashtray beside his bed is overflowing with
smashed butts. Phil smokes languidly, the smoke drifting up from his nose.
There are ashes on his chest, but he doesn't notice.

Phil reaches under the bed and comes out with a can of beer. He opens it with
his can opener, guzzles, winces, grins and belches.

Phil glances over at the wall beside him. There are many photos of Elvis cut
from magazines, as well as pictures of Tuesday Weld, Chuck Berry, Bobby Darin
and Mickey Mantle. Phil suddenly sits up, reaches over and grabs an acoustic
guitar that's leaning against the wall and begins strumming it.

Phil plays a variety of tunes and rhythms in a half-assed fashion, but nothing
sounds very good. He glances over at a book on his desk, "Beginning Guitar."
Phil opens the book and begins to play. He's doing OK until he attempts to
make a specific chord and, sadly, his fingers don't want to stretch that way.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_Ouch!_

Phil shuts the book. He walks over to his dresser, steps in front of the
mirror, crosses his arms, lowers his chin and proceeds to do a poor Ed
Sullivan imitation.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Tonight we have
a really big _shew_. I mean,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;a _really,
really _big shew. Let's all give a very

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;warm welcome to
the talented, amazing, one-

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;of-a-kind _Phil
Buckley_!

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(he imitates the fans cheering;

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;smiling humbly he picks up his

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;guitar and imitates Elvis)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Thank you. Thank
you very much. I'd like

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;to play my
newest song which has been

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;number-one on
the hit parade for over three

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;months . . .

Phil sits down on the bed, strums his guitar, but still isn't getting the
sound he wants. He thinks for a second, then puts down the guitar and digs
through one of his dresser drawers. He comes up with a cheap old microphone
with a strange, multi-pronged plug on the end. Phil considers this situation
for a moment, then produces a Boy Scout knife and deftly cuts off the plug. He
then splits the wire and shaves off the insulation.

Phil takes the mike over to his record player and connects the bare wires to
the back of the amplifier. Suddenly, feedback fills the room. Phil's eyes
light up.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_Boss!_

He moves the mike away from the amp, then blows into it and hears his
amplified breath through his speakers. Phil takes the microphone and shoves it
into the hole of his guitar and presto! It's _electric_! Now he really starts
to rock and it's clear that Phil is not particularly talented, simply
enthusiastic. He does the Chuck Berry duck-walk across his room, guitar
wailing.

INT. KITCHEN - DAY

Phil's Mom is doing the dishes. She hears the strange, electronic noise and
looks all around.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MRS. BUCKLEY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;What on Earth?

INT. PHIL'S BEDROOM - DAY

Phil's a rock & roll maniac playing to thousands of adoring fans and
everything's terrific

until -- _sproing!_ -- one of his guitar strings breaks. Phil frowns, setting
down his guitar. He scrutinizes the money on his dresser -- he has one dollar
to his name. Nevertheless, a guitar with a broken string seems like a fairly
useless item. Phil stands up, finally motivated to do something. He puts his
guitar in it's battered old case and begins putting on his clothes.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_h
older;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hol
der;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holde
r;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;DISSOLVE:

  
EXT. CITY STREETS - DAY

Phil walks along the street carrying his guitar case. Phil isn't paying any
attention to anything going on around him. He's got a tune in his head and a
vague, amused look on his face. He occasionally makes an Elvis Presley-style
hip gyration accompanied by a grunt and we realize that Phil's still on The Ed
Sullivan Show in his head. He adds the crowd reaction sounds, cheering and
laughing.

The beatnik kid MAX from the "Students for Political Action" office offers
Phil a flyer.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MAX

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Free the
Springfield Five! Let justice be done,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;man. Meeting on
Sunday at the Purple Onion.

Phil waves it away entirely uninterested.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No thanks.

INT. MUSIC STORE - DAY

This is the all-purpose variety of music store that sells most every sort of
instrument and all the accessories. Lorraine stands before a large variety of
guitar picks holding her guitar and deliberates. She chooses a pick, checks
its thickness, then drops it back in its bin. Finally, Lorraine makes her
decision, chooses a pick, then steps over to the counter and pays the portly,
middle-aged CLERK a quarter.

Lorraine strolls over to the sheet music. She flips through until she finds
something she likes and pulls it out -- it's Woody Guthrie's song "_This Land
is Your Land_." Lorraine plays the first several chords, humming the tune.
Something else catches her attention and she walks to another part of the
store, stepping behind a big display case filled with woodwind instruments.

Just then Phil steps up in front of the woodwind case, then crosses to the
acoustic guitar section where Lorraine just stood. He finds the guitar string
he needs and it costs fifty cents, half of his accumulated wealth. Phil
resigns himself to this inevitability and replaces his broken string. He sees
the portly Clerk watching him and smiles at the guy. The Clerk smiles back.

Lorraine hands a yellow flyer to an OLD BLACK WOMAN, who puts on her glasses
and looks at it with interest.

  
Now Phil attempts to tune his guitar. He does a rather half-assed job, shrugs
-- that's good enough -- then spots the open sheet music in front of him of
"_This Land is Your Land_." Phil concentrates deeply, furrowing his brow, and
painfully strums and sings the first few chords of the song.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(singing)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land is
your land

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land is my
land

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;From California

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To the New York
Island

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;From the redwood
forests

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To the Gulf
stream waters

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land was
made for you and me --

Lorraine steps up from behind and proclaims . . .

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_I love this
song_!

Phil turns around and checks Lorraine out. He smiles his coolest smile.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Really? No
kidding? Me, too.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(excited)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Really? Come on,
let's play it together.

Lorraine begins playing the song and Phil very hesitantly follows along,
glancing frequently at the lyrics.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE &
PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(singing)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;As I went
walking

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That ribbon of
highway

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I saw above me

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That endless
skyway

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I saw below me

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That golden
valley

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land was
made for you and me

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land is
your land

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land is my
land

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;From California

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To the New York
Island

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;From the redwood
forests

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To the Gulf
stream waters

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land was
made for you and me

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I roamed and
rambled

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And I followed
my footsteps

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To the sparkling
sands

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Of her diamond
deserts

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;While all around
me

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;A voice was
sounding, sayin',

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land was
made for you and me

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;The sun came
shining

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And I was
strolling

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And the wheat
fields waving

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And the dust
clouds rolling

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;As the fog was
lifting

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;A voice was
chanting

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land was
made for you and me

Suddenly, everybody in the store, including the old black woman and the clerk,
joins in for the finale.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;EVERYBODY

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land is
your land

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land is my
land

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;From California

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To the New York
Island

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;From the redwood
forests

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;To the Gulf
stream waters

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land was
made for you and me

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This land was
made for you and me

Everybody laughs, then returns to their business. Lorraine turns to Phil.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Wow! Did you see
the way the music draws

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;people in? It's
fantastic.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, it sure
is. So, you like music, eh?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yes, very much.
Do you?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh, yeah. Uh, my
name's Phil, what's yours?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Lorraine.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(he puts out his hand to shake

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;and she hands him a yellow flyer)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;There's a really
important meeting tomorrow

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;night for the
Springfield Five.

Phil takes the flyer looking confused.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Is that a new
band?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No! Don't you
read the newspaper?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Sure, but I
must've missed it.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's been the
headline for the last week.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;The neighbor's
dog grabs our paper all the time

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;and chews it up.
What's going on?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;The Springfield
Five are five colored boys that were

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;arrested for no
good reason as they were driving

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;down south to a
civil rights rally. We're trying to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;get them out of
jail.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh. OK. Tomorrow
night, huh?

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;At 8:00.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(frowns)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;But tomorrow's
Sunday, y'know.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah? So?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;So, Ed
Sullivan's on Sunday at eight.

Lorraine grimaces with disdain.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh, that's too
bad. I'm talking about _real _

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;problems in the
_real_ world here.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I know, I'm just
telling you that that's not a good

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;time for a
meeting.

Lorraine looks stricken.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You think? I
printed 500 flyers.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(shrugs)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It may not mean
anything, y'know, maybe he

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;hasn't got
anyone good on the show this week.

  
Lorraine suddenly looks like she's got a headache. She reaches into her
sweater pocket and finds it empty.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Have you got a
cigarette?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Sure. Wanna get
a cup of coffee to go with it?

Lorraine looks him up and down.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(grins)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;OK. Caffeine and
nicotine are my favorite food

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;groups.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Don't forget
beer, it's just like liquid bread.

Lorraine laughs and she and Phil exit.

  
INT. COFFEE HOUSE - DAY

Phil and Lorraine both drink mugs of coffee and smoke cigarettes.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, I worked
for a while at a crisis phone line,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;but I got really
tired sitting up all night listening

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;to drug addicts
moan about not scoring and

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;pretending to be
a marriage counselor. I didn't

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;really feel like
I was part of the fight.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(Phil nods, mesmerized)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Right.

Lorraine really looks at Phil.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Do you know what
I mean?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Sure.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Really?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(shrugs)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, not really.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Haven't you ever
had a feeling of pure empathy?

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(thinks, then shakes

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;his head)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm not sure.
What's empathy?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's like
sympathy, only you don't feel bad _for_

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;someone, you
feel bad with _them_.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(Phil digests this)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Haven't you ever
felt that way?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh, yeah.
"Lassie" does that to me almost every

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;week.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(shakes her head)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;TV again!
_Jesus_!

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You don't like
TV?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, I don't. I
think it makes people apathetic.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's just
entertainment.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;And some
entertainment has value. But mindless

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;entertainment is
useless. What are some of your

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;interests?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(shrugs)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Me? Oh, well, I
have a wide range of interests.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(nods)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Really? Like
what?

Phil suddenly feels cornered.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, like
everything.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(skeptical)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Everything, huh?
Interested in paleontology?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Do _you_ know
very much about paleontology?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(smiles)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(grins)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'm the foremost
authority.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;OK. So, what's
your favorite subject?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You mean like in
school?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, I mean like
in life.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh, _that_. Well
. . . uh . . . music, I guess.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You sure don't
sound convinced.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, I am. Music.
Definitely. I wanna be a

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;musician.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(surprised)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Really?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You know, it's
_really_ hard to be a musician.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I take guitar
lessons twice a week and that's

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;not nearly
enough.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(skeptical)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well . . . It
all depends on what you're after,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;right?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(confused)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;What do you
mean?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, that's if
you want to be, say, a good or

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;great musician.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(nods)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Right.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, Bobby
Darin doesn't really have a great

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;voice, but he's
a very successful singer. Or what

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;about Bob Dylan?
He can't sing at all.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, but he's a
_great_ song writer.

Phil waves his hand in total deprecation.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You can hire
guys to do that.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, so . . . ?

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;So, you don't
necessarily have to be good to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;be famous. Look
at Dean Martin.

Lorraine consider this for a second, then dismisses the whole thing.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;That's silly. Of
course you do. What are you

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;talking about?
If it's not their musical ability then

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;it's their
presentation. It's gotta be something.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(Phil nods, good point;

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Lorraine remembers)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh, y'know,
tonight's Hootenanny night at

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;the Purple
Onion, you have to come.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(confused)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_Hootenanny_? Is
that like when you square-

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;dance and stuff?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(laughs)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_No_. Hootenanny
night means that it's open

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;microphone for
anyone that wants to get up

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;and sing or play
or read a poem or do anything.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(nods)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Will you be
there?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(smiles and nods)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yes, I will. I'm
going to sing a song tonight.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You really
should come, I mean, if you _actually_

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;want to be a
musician and all.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Right. I do. And
I will.

Lorraine suddenly stands.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I've gotta go.
So, will I see you tonight at the

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Purple Onion?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Sure.
Absolutely.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(smiles)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Great. Will you
sing a song?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(shrugs)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Do I have to?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, you don't
have to do anything you don't

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;want to do. None
of these people are professionals,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;it's just a
hootenanny. But let's face it, Phil, if you

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;can't sing at a
hootenanny you'll never be famous

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;as a musician.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(nods)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Right.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(smiles)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;OK. See ya there
if you're there.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I'll be there.
Nice meeting you.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You, too.

Lorraine departs. The Waitress steps up and hands Phil the bill, which is 42
cents. He leaves his entire 49 cents.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;PHIL

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(smooth)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Keep the change,
sweetheart.

The WAITRESS snorts and Phil leaves.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_h
older;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hol
der;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holde
r;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;DISSOLVE:

EXT. "STUDENTS FOR POLITICAL ACTION" OFFICE - DAY

Lorraine stands in front of the office handing out yellow flyers and demanding
Justice!

A big, green 1963 Cadillac Sedan deVille with very pointy fins pulls up in
front of her and stops. The car's electric window comes down revealing a good-
looking couple in their early 40s. They are Lorraine's MOM and DAD.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Get in the car,
dear, before someone mugs

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;you.

Lorraine sighs and gets in the back seat of the car.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(sarcastically)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Thank God, saved
at last.

INT. CADILLAC - DAY

Lorraine's Dad guns it and the car pulls away quickly. Dad glances back at
Lorraine.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Did you forget
you were having lunch with us?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;No, I didn't. I
tried to, but I couldn't.

Her Mom looks back at her.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;What have you
got on your hands?

Lorraine looks at her hands and sees purple stains.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Ink.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(smiles)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's just your
shade.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yes, it is nice,
isn't it?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;So, did you get
an early start on solving the world's

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;problems today?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;As a matter of
fact, I did. I think I'll be having a very

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;big meeting
Sunday night.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I hope you do.
But honestly, Lorraine, do you really

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;think a bunch of
college kids meeting in a low-rent

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;downtown office
are going to get those five Negro boys

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;set free?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I certainly hope
so. If nothing else it will raise people's

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;awareness of the
problem. A line has to be drawn

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;somewhere.

Mom turns to Dad.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;How did she turn
out this way?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;It's got to be
your fault, I'm never home.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You can say that
again.

Lorraine points at herself.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;_I'm_ my own
fault. And where are we going for

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;lunch, if I may
ask?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;The club.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(sighs)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Unmitigated
decadence, _and_ the food's not very

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;good.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You were such a
happy little girl, Lorraine. What

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;happened?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I developed a
social conscience.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;MOM

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well it
certainly hasn't made you any happier, I can

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;tell you that.
Why don't you go away to Europe

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;for a while --
say a year -- and make up your mind

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;there?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I live here in
America, mom. The problems of

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;America are my
problems. And my mind is made

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;up.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Your mom's not
kidding, Lorraine. You want to go

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;to Europe for a
year, see the sights, go to school,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;don't go to
school. Anything you want, just say the

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;word.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Oh, Dad, please.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;You were
accepted to the University of Florence,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;weren't you? You
loved Italy when we all went

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;there a few
years ago. You ran around the house

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;talking Italian
for months.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(sighs wearily)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;This is such a
bore.

Lorraine's Mom and Dad look at each other and shake their heads.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;So, Lorraine,
how many people are you expecting

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;at this _rally_
of yours?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I don't know.
About a hundred, I'd say.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Well, how many
chairs did you rent?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Fifty, but
there's twenty or thirty chairs there and

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;I figure some
people can stand.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;How're you
getting the rented chairs there?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(exasperated)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Dad, please,
I'll work it out.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Look, you want
to be an organizer and organizers

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;bring in the
people. If they don't bring in a decent

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;crowd, you'll
have to admit, they're not worth much

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;as an organizer,
right?

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;(begrudgingly)

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Yeah, I suppose.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;OK, how about
this? If less than fifty people show

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;up to your
meeting, you consider doing something

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;else. Anything
else. More than fifty and I'll shut up,

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;for a while.
What do you say? But you have to give

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;me a fair count.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;All I did was
agree to go to lunch, I'm not here to

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;negotiate any
deals.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;DAD

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Just think about
it, OK? That's all I ask.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;LORRAINE

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Whatever you
say.

Lorraine sighs deeply, lost in the vast expanse of the back seat. Her hand
goes into her sweater pocket, but she still doesn't have any cigarettes.

  
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_ho
lder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hold
er;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder
;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp
_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_p
lace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pla
ce_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place
_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_h
older;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_hol
der;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holde
r;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&n
bsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbs
p_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_
place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_pl
ace_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_plac
e_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_
holder;DISSOLVE:

**[Next Page >](Hammer-p2.htm)**

**1&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;[2](Hammer-p2.htm)&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;[3](Hammer-p3.htm)&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;[4](Hammer-p4.htm)**

&nbsp_place_holder;

**[** _[Questions or Comments](rules.html)_ **]**

  
B**ECKER**F**ILMS ** S**ITE **M**ENU****

**  
**[ [Main](index.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [ [Film & TV Work](films.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [ [Screenplays](scripts.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; **[ [Old Stuff](oldstuff.html) ]**  
[ [Reviews](reviews.htm) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [ [Articles, Essays &
Stories](articles.html) ] &nbsp_place_holder;[ [Ask the Director](post.html)
]&nbsp_place_holder;

[ [Favorite Films](movielist.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [
[Scrapbook](imagegallery.htm) ] &nbsp_place_holder;[ [Links (&
Afterword)](links.html) ]&nbsp_place_holder; [ [Web Team](webguy.html) ]**

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

**![](PanoramicCopyright.gif)**

