![](Josh_logo_small2.gif)

![](screenplays.gif)

[![](HammerBanner.gif)](HAMMERmain.html#orders)

  

April 18, 1999

**_"IF I HAD A HAMMER"_**

By

Josh Becker

_ACT ONE:_

FRONT TITLES: The front title sequence is over a STOCK FOOTAGE montage of the
big news events of 1958 through early 1964 set to The Weavers' version of "If
I Had a Hammer": Elvis Presley, wearing an army uniform, waves as he boards an
airplane for Germany; U.S. troops are shipped to Vietnam where fighting has
begun in earnest; Chuck Berry is indicted for tax evasion; Little Richard
quits music to become an ordained Seventh Day Adventist minister; Martin
Luther King delivers his "I have a dream" speech to a Washington, D.C. civil
rights rally; students hold a sit-in at a university; John and Jackie Kennedy
sit in the back-seat of the presidential Lincoln-Continental cruising down the
streets of Dallas; Jack Ruby shoots Lee Harvey Oswald; LBJ is sworn in as
president; the Beatles arrive in America . . .

  
DISSOLVE:

A title reads: "Saturday, February 8th, 1964."

EXT. "STUDENTS FOR POLITICAL ACTION" OFFICE - DAY

The "Students For Political Action" office is a small storefront located in a
downtown area. Poor, inner-city people fill the streets. A 21-year old beatnik
boy named MAX, with a goatee and a beret, steps up to the front door, pulls
out a key, goes to insert it into the lock and the door swings open. Max finds
this somewhat surprising and enters.

  
INT. "STUDENTS FOR POLITICAL ACTION" OFFICE - DAY

Max steps into the ratty interior of the office -- old and broken office
furniture, torn easy chairs with stuffing hanging out, a torn, yellowing
poster on the wall announcing The Weavers reunion concert at Carnagie Hall --
and he finds the air full of cigarette smoke, which he waves away from his
face. Max turns on the light.

In the very back of the office is LORRAINE DEMPSEY, an attractive, intense
19-year old girl with a short, boyish haircut, wearing a plaid skirt and a
sweater. She cranks a mimeograph machine which on each revolution spits out a
yellow flyer stating in big bold letters, "Free the Springfield Five!!
Emergency Meeting Sunday at 8:00 P.M." Lorraine sees Max and blinks, a
smoldering cigarette butt dangling from her lips.

MAX

Lorraine, you're still here? That's exactly where I

left you last night.

Lorraine squints through the smoke wafting up into her eyes.

LORRAINE

I'm ready, Max. Nothing can stop me now.

MAX

You need to go to sleep.

LORRAINE

(waves her hand)

Nah! I slept all the time when I was young.

(points)

I've made 500 flyers, you think that's enough?

MAX

I should think so.

LORRAINE

And you'll help me hand them out?

MAX

That's why I'm here.

LORRAINE

Good. Y'know, Max, as I've stood here all night

cranking this machine, it came to me that we're

standing at a crossroads.

MAX

A crossroads to what?

LORRAINE

To a new age.

MAX

That's what they were all saying about Kennedy

and Camelot and all that, but look what happened.

LORRAINE

It's bigger than that.

MAX

Yeah, I think you've been up too long.

LORRAINE

Hopefully, it will be a time when stuff like this . . .

(waves flyers)

. . . won't happen anymore. I mean, if we don't do

something right away these five boys will spend the

rest of their young lives in jail.

MAX

Hey, you don't have to convince me. But their pre-trial

hearing is Monday. If they go in there with some cracker,

redneck, court-appointed attorney, they'll get life for

sure.

LORRAINE

I know! This could well be their last chance. That's

why it's so important and that's why I'm so nervous.

This is the first important political action that I've

personally organized. People just _have_ to show up.

MAX

I'll be there.

LORRAINE

I mean, _real_ people?

MAX

Gosh, thanks a lot.

(Lorraine smiles)

Look, it's an important cause, why wouldn't they

show up?

LORRAINE

(thinks)

Um . . . to make me look bad?

MAX

Make you look bad to whom, if I may ask?

  
LORRAINE

Myself.

MAX

Is that what this is all about, Lorraine? Looking good?

LORRAINE

No, not at all. It's entirely about those five boys and

the injustice that's being done to them. I mean, if I

don't do something about it why should I expect

anyone else to do anything, right?

MAX

Right.

LORRAINE

We all have to draw a line somewhere and say, "If you

go beyond that line you have to deal with me, too." At

least, that's what I think.

MAX

Right. Me, too. You could always just tackle people

out in the street and drag 'em in kicking and screaming.

LORRAINE

I might yet.

MAX

I bet you would, too. But why do you do this,

Lorraine, staying up all night, burning it at both ends?

LORRAINE

Someone's got to, right?

MAX

Do they? Why?

LORRAINE

Because if nobody cares the whole world will go to

hell.

MAX

But, Lorraine, you can't save the whole world.

LORRAINE

No, but I can try. And step one is getting everyone

to care about this issue, the Springfield Five.

MAX

But you can't _actually_ make anyone else care about

something, Lorraine. Not really.

LORRAINE

Oh, sure you can. These are old, time-worn techniques

used by the wobblies before the war. But getting to

a whole group at once, that's the trick. That's where

songs come in.

MAX

(skeptical)

Yeah, but even songs won't make someone care

if they don't.

LORRAINE

If it's the right song being sung the right way.

MAX

I don't think that's true.

LORRAINE

(off-handed)

Sure it is. Deep down I honestly think that people

really want to do what's right and actually _do_ care,

they just need a little push in the right direction to get

them going, and that's where I come in.

Lorraine reaches into her sweater pocket and pulls out a pack of cigarettes,
which she finds empty and crumples.

LORRAINE

Gotta smoke?

  
MAX

No. You're an idealist, Lorraine.

LORRAINE

I'm more than idealist, Max, I'm an instrument of

God.

Lorraine checks out the overflowing ashtray and spots a long butt. She
straightens it out and lights it, then takes a sip of coffee. She winces and
sticks out her tongue.

LORRAINE

_Blah!_ How can coffee get colder than the room

it's in?

MAX

I don't know. You going to the Purple Onion tonight?

  
LORRAINE

Oh yeah, sure. Got to.

(she waves a pile of flyers)

I have to get every single person at the Purple Onion

tonight to come to my meeting Sunday. Those people

are what I have to work with; they're my building

materials and this meeting is my testing ground. If

I have to yell and scream, I'll do it. If I have to

whisper and sing songs, I'll do that.

  
MAX

And you dig it.

LORRAINE

Yeah, yeah, that, too.

(snaps her fingers)

That reminds me, have you got an extra guitar

pick?

MAX

Not here. You can always use a matchbook.

LORRAINE

They shred. That's OK, I'll swing by the music

store.

Lorraine sits down and puts on her shoes. Max checks out her legs as she does
this. Suddenly . . .

MAX

Lorraine, you drive me crazy! Why won't you

go out with me?

LORRAINE

Look, Max, you're my friend. Let's leave it at

that, OK?

MAX

(frustrated)

But I don't want to leave it at that.

LORRAINE

If there was something here, Max, we'd know about

it by now, right?

MAX

_I_ know about it.

LORRAINE

(shrugs)

It takes two to tango.

MAX

But what can I do, Lorraine?

Lorraine smiles and hands Max a thick pile of flyers.

LORRAINE

Here. Hand these out. See ya later, alligator.

Lorraine walks out of the office and Max watches her go, groaning audibly
after she's left.

EXT. "STUDENTS FOR POLITICAL ACTION" OFFICE - DAY

Lorraine exits the office and strides up the street immediately attempting to
hand out flyers.

LORRAINE

_Demand justice now! Free the Springfield Five!_

Most people take the flyers that are offered to them, although many
immediately discard them, some right on the street. When Lorraine sees this
she goes over and picks the flyer back up.

LORRAINE

(to herself)

Slob!

DISSOLVE:

  
EXT. THE BUCKLEY HOUSE - DAY

This is a small house in a neighborhood of nearly identical homes. Big leafy
trees line the shady street. A red 1960 Ford Falcon sits in the driveway. The
distinctive sound of the Three Stooges playing on TV can be heard from within.
A car pulls up in front of the house.

INT. THE BUCKLEY HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - DAY

DAN BUCKLEY, a 14-year old wearing a Boy Scout uniform, sits watching the
Three Stooges on TV and laughing. The doorbell rings. Dan dashes over and
opens the door. Two other 14-year old boys in Boy Scout uniforms come bursting
in and they all begin talking at once. Dan and his pals leave.

MR. BUCKLEY and MRS. BUCKLEY enter the living room. Phil's Dad is wearing a
bowling shirt and holds a bowling ball up in front of his face.

  
MRS. BUCKLEY

Be careful with that in the house.

MR. BUCKLEY

Hon, please, I've got to get in the proper frame

of mind, OK?

(chuckles)

Get it, "frame" of mind? Bowling. Frame

MRS. BUCKLEY

That's great, dear, you're another Red Skelton.

MR. BUCKLEY

(imitates Red Skelton's lisp)

Good night and God ble_sh_.

(looks around)

Where's Phil?

MRS. BUCKLEY

(shakes her head)

Still in bed.

Mr. Buckley looks at his watch and frowns.

MR. BUCKLEY

It's after ten, what's with him?

MRS. BUCKLEY

You tell me. Ever since he graduated high school

and started work, he's changed. He just doesn't

seem to give a damn about anything anymore. I

don't know what to do with him.

Mr. Buckley considers this for a moment, then exits the living room.

INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE PHIL'S ROOM - DAY

Phil's Dad steps up to a closed bedroom door, tries the doorknob and finds it
locked.

  
MR. BUCKLEY

Phil? You up?

PHIL (O.S.)

Yeah.

MR. BUCKLEY

Aren't you supposed to be at work?

PHIL (O.S.)

I got the day off.

MR. BUCKLEY

How come?

PHIL (O.S.)

It just happens that way sometimes.

MR. BUCKLEY

Huh. Well, why don't you get out of bed.

PHIL (O.S.)

Why? What's the difference?

Mrs. Buckley steps up beside her husband.

MR. BUCKLEY

Because it's a beautiful day.

PHIL (O.S.)

It's a beautiful day here in my bed, too.

MR. BUCKLEY

I don't like this behavior, Phil.

PHIL (O.S.)

Yeah?

MR. BUCKLEY

Yeah. So get your ass out of bed!

PHIL (O.S.)

Yeah, yeah, I will.

MR. BUCKLEY

Do it soon.

PHIL (O.S.)

All right. OK.

MR. BUCKLEY

(shrugs)

Y'know, Phil, if you waste this day, you'll never

get it back.

PHIL (O.S.)

Yeah? Big deal.

MRS. BUCKLEY

(to her husband)

You see?

MR. BUCKLEY

Yeah, I see.

MRS. BUCKLEY

What can we do?

MR. BUCKLEY

How the hell am I supposed to know?

(he kisses his wife)

I gotta go. See ya.

MRS. BUCKLEY

Bye.

Phil's Dad and Mom exit and we stay on Phil's closed bedroom door.

  
INT. PHIL'S BEDROOM - DAY

PHIL BUCKLEY, a tall, handsome, eighteen-year old boy with a crewcut, lies in
bed in his boxer shorts smoking a cigarette. Phil wears a can opener on a
shoelace around his neck. The ashtray beside his bed is overflowing with
smashed butts. Phil smokes languidly, the smoke drifting up from his nose.
There are ashes on his chest, but he doesn't notice.

Phil reaches under the bed and comes out with a can of beer. He opens it with
his can opener, guzzles, winces, grins and belches.

Phil glances over at the wall beside him. There are many photos of Elvis cut
from magazines, as well as pictures of Tuesday Weld, Chuck Berry, Bobby Darin
and Mickey Mantle. Phil suddenly sits up, reaches over and grabs an acoustic
guitar that's leaning against the wall and begins strumming it.

Phil plays a variety of tunes and rhythms in a half-assed fashion, but nothing
sounds very good. He glances over at a book on his desk, "Beginning Guitar."
Phil opens the book and begins to play. He's doing OK until he attempts to
make a specific chord and, sadly, his fingers don't want to stretch that way.

PHIL

_Ouch!_

Phil shuts the book. He walks over to his dresser, steps in front of the
mirror, crosses his arms, lowers his chin and proceeds to do a poor Ed
Sullivan imitation.

PHIL

Tonight we have a really big _shew_. I mean,

a _really, really _big shew. Let's all give a very

warm welcome to the talented, amazing, one-

of-a-kind _Phil Buckley_!

(he imitates the fans cheering;

smiling humbly he picks up his

guitar and imitates Elvis)

Thank you. Thank you very much. I'd like

to play my newest song which has been

number-one on the hit parade for over three

months . . .

Phil sits down on the bed, strums his guitar, but still isn't getting the
sound he wants. He thinks for a second, then puts down the guitar and digs
through one of his dresser drawers. He comes up with a cheap old microphone
with a strange, multi-pronged plug on the end. Phil considers this situation
for a moment, then produces a Boy Scout knife and deftly cuts off the plug. He
then splits the wire and shaves off the insulation.

Phil takes the mike over to his record player and connects the bare wires to
the back of the amplifier. Suddenly, feedback fills the room. Phil's eyes
light up.

PHIL

_Boss!_

He moves the mike away from the amp, then blows into it and hears his
amplified breath through his speakers. Phil takes the microphone and shoves it
into the hole of his guitar and presto! It's _electric_! Now he really starts
to rock and it's clear that Phil is not particularly talented, simply
enthusiastic. He does the Chuck Berry duck-walk across his room, guitar
wailing.

INT. KITCHEN - DAY

Phil's Mom is doing the dishes. She hears the strange, electronic noise and
looks all around.

MRS. BUCKLEY

What on Earth?

INT. PHIL'S BEDROOM - DAY

Phil's a rock & roll maniac playing to thousands of adoring fans and
everything's terrific

until -- _sproing!_ -- one of his guitar strings breaks. Phil frowns, setting
down his guitar. He scrutinizes the money on his dresser -- he has one dollar
to his name. Nevertheless, a guitar with a broken string seems like a fairly
useless item. Phil stands up, finally motivated to do something. He puts his
guitar in it's battered old case and begins putting on his clothes.

DISSOLVE:

  
EXT. CITY STREETS - DAY

Phil walks along the street carrying his guitar case. Phil isn't paying any
attention to anything going on around him. He's got a tune in his head and a
vague, amused look on his face. He occasionally makes an Elvis Presley-style
hip gyration accompanied by a grunt and we realize that Phil's still on The Ed
Sullivan Show in his head. He adds the crowd reaction sounds, cheering and
laughing.

The beatnik kid MAX from the "Students for Political Action" office offers
Phil a flyer.

MAX

Free the Springfield Five! Let justice be done,

man. Meeting on Sunday at the Purple Onion.

Phil waves it away entirely uninterested.

PHIL

No thanks.

INT. MUSIC STORE - DAY

This is the all-purpose variety of music store that sells most every sort of
instrument and all the accessories. Lorraine stands before a large variety of
guitar picks holding her guitar and deliberates. She chooses a pick, checks
its thickness, then drops it back in its bin. Finally, Lorraine makes her
decision, chooses a pick, then steps over to the counter and pays the portly,
middle-aged CLERK a quarter.

Lorraine strolls over to the sheet music. She flips through until she finds
something she likes and pulls it out -- it's Woody Guthrie's song "_This Land
is Your Land_." Lorraine plays the first several chords, humming the tune.
Something else catches her attention and she walks to another part of the
store, stepping behind a big display case filled with woodwind instruments.

Just then Phil steps up in front of the woodwind case, then crosses to the
acoustic guitar section where Lorraine just stood. He finds the guitar string
he needs and it costs fifty cents, half of his accumulated wealth. Phil
resigns himself to this inevitability and replaces his broken string. He sees
the portly Clerk watching him and smiles at the guy. The Clerk smiles back.

Lorraine hands a yellow flyer to an OLD BLACK WOMAN, who puts on her glasses
and looks at it with interest.

  
Now Phil attempts to tune his guitar. He does a rather half-assed job, shrugs
-- that's good enough -- then spots the open sheet music in front of him of
"_This Land is Your Land_." Phil concentrates deeply, furrowing his brow, and
painfully strums and sings the first few chords of the song.

PHIL

(singing)

This land is your land

This land is my land

From California

To the New York Island

From the redwood forests

To the Gulf stream waters

This land was made for you and me --

Lorraine steps up from behind and proclaims . . .

LORRAINE

_I love this song_!

Phil turns around and checks Lorraine out. He smiles his coolest smile.

PHIL

Really? No kidding? Me, too.

LORRAINE

(excited)

Really? Come on, let's play it together.

Lorraine begins playing the song and Phil very hesitantly follows along,
glancing frequently at the lyrics.

LORRAINE & PHIL

(singing)

As I went walking

That ribbon of highway

I saw above me

That endless skyway

I saw below me

That golden valley

This land was made for you and me

  
This land is your land

This land is my land

From California

To the New York Island

From the redwood forests

To the Gulf stream waters

This land was made for you and me

I roamed and rambled

And I followed my footsteps

To the sparkling sands

Of her diamond deserts

While all around me

A voice was sounding, sayin',

This land was made for you and me

The sun came shining

And I was strolling

And the wheat fields waving

And the dust clouds rolling

As the fog was lifting

A voice was chanting

This land was made for you and me

Suddenly, everybody in the store, including the old black woman and the clerk,
joins in for the finale.

EVERYBODY

This land is your land

This land is my land

From California

To the New York Island

From the redwood forests

To the Gulf stream waters

This land was made for you and me

This land was made for you and me

Everybody laughs, then returns to their business. Lorraine turns to Phil.

  
LORRAINE

Wow! Did you see the way the music draws

people in? It's fantastic.

  
PHIL

Yeah, it sure is. So, you like music, eh?

LORRAINE

Yes, very much. Do you?

PHIL

Oh, yeah. Uh, my name's Phil, what's yours?

LORRAINE

Lorraine.

(he puts out his hand to shake

and she hands him a yellow flyer)

There's a really important meeting tomorrow

night for the Springfield Five.

Phil takes the flyer looking confused.

PHIL

Is that a new band?

LORRAINE

No! Don't you read the newspaper?

PHIL

Sure, but I must've missed it.

LORRAINE

It's been the headline for the last week.

PHIL

The neighbor's dog grabs our paper all the time

and chews it up. What's going on?

LORRAINE

The Springfield Five are five colored boys that were

arrested for no good reason as they were driving

down south to a civil rights rally. We're trying to

get them out of jail.

PHIL

Oh. OK. Tomorrow night, huh?

  
LORRAINE

At 8:00.

PHIL

(frowns)

But tomorrow's Sunday, y'know.

LORRAINE

Yeah? So?

PHIL

So, Ed Sullivan's on Sunday at eight.

Lorraine grimaces with disdain.

LORRAINE

Oh, that's too bad. I'm talking about _real _

problems in the _real_ world here.

PHIL

I know, I'm just telling you that that's not a good

time for a meeting.

Lorraine looks stricken.

  
LORRAINE

You think? I printed 500 flyers.

PHIL

(shrugs)

It may not mean anything, y'know, maybe he

hasn't got anyone good on the show this week.

  
Lorraine suddenly looks like she's got a headache. She reaches into her
sweater pocket and finds it empty.

LORRAINE

Have you got a cigarette?

PHIL

Sure. Wanna get a cup of coffee to go with it?

Lorraine looks him up and down.

LORRAINE

(grins)

OK. Caffeine and nicotine are my favorite food

groups.

PHIL

Don't forget beer, it's just like liquid bread.

Lorraine laughs and she and Phil exit.

  
INT. COFFEE HOUSE - DAY

Phil and Lorraine both drink mugs of coffee and smoke cigarettes.

  
LORRAINE

Well, I worked for a while at a crisis phone line,

but I got really tired sitting up all night listening

to drug addicts moan about not scoring and

pretending to be a marriage counselor. I didn't

really feel like I was part of the fight.

  
PHIL

(Phil nods, mesmerized)

Right.

Lorraine really looks at Phil.

LORRAINE

Do you know what I mean?

PHIL

Sure.

LORRAINE

Really?

PHIL

(shrugs)

No, not really.

LORRAINE

Haven't you ever had a feeling of pure empathy?

  
PHIL

(thinks, then shakes

his head)

I'm not sure. What's empathy?

LORRAINE

It's like sympathy, only you don't feel bad _for_

someone, you feel bad with _them_.

(Phil digests this)

Haven't you ever felt that way?

PHIL

Oh, yeah. "Lassie" does that to me almost every

week.

LORRAINE

(shakes her head)

TV again! _Jesus_!

PHIL

You don't like TV?

LORRAINE

No, I don't. I think it makes people apathetic.

PHIL

It's just entertainment.

LORRAINE

And some entertainment has value. But mindless

entertainment is useless. What are some of your

interests?

PHIL

(shrugs)

Me? Oh, well, I have a wide range of interests.

LORRAINE

(nods)

Really? Like what?

Phil suddenly feels cornered.

  
PHIL

Well, like everything.

LORRAINE

(skeptical)

Everything, huh? Interested in paleontology?

PHIL

Do _you_ know very much about paleontology?

LORRAINE

(smiles)

No.

PHIL

(grins)

I'm the foremost authority.

LORRAINE

OK. So, what's your favorite subject?

PHIL

You mean like in school?

LORRAINE

No, I mean like in life.

PHIL

Oh, _that_. Well . . . uh . . . music, I guess.

LORRAINE

You sure don't sound convinced.

PHIL

No, I am. Music. Definitely. I wanna be a

musician.

LORRAINE

(surprised)

Really?

PHIL

Yeah.

LORRAINE

You know, it's _really_ hard to be a musician.

I take guitar lessons twice a week and that's

not nearly enough.

PHIL

(skeptical)

Well . . . It all depends on what you're after,

right?

LORRAINE

(confused)

What do you mean?

PHIL

Well, that's if you want to be, say, a good or

great musician.

LORRAINE

(nods)

Right.

PHIL

Well, Bobby Darin doesn't really have a great

voice, but he's a very successful singer. Or what

about Bob Dylan? He can't sing at all.

LORRAINE

Yeah, but he's a _great_ song writer.

Phil waves his hand in total deprecation.

PHIL

You can hire guys to do that.

LORRAINE

Yeah, so . . . ?

  
PHIL

So, you don't necessarily have to be good to

be famous. Look at Dean Martin.

Lorraine consider this for a second, then dismisses the whole thing.

LORRAINE

That's silly. Of course you do. What are you

talking about? If it's not their musical ability then

it's their presentation. It's gotta be something.

(Phil nods, good point;

Lorraine remembers)

Oh, y'know, tonight's Hootenanny night at

the Purple Onion, you have to come.

PHIL

(confused)

_Hootenanny_? Is that like when you square-

dance and stuff?

LORRAINE

(laughs)

_No_. Hootenanny night means that it's open

microphone for anyone that wants to get up

and sing or play or read a poem or do anything.

PHIL

(nods)

Will you be there?

LORRAINE

(smiles and nods)

Yes, I will. I'm going to sing a song tonight.

You really should come, I mean, if you _actually_

want to be a musician and all.

PHIL

Right. I do. And I will.

Lorraine suddenly stands.

  
LORRAINE

I've gotta go. So, will I see you tonight at the

Purple Onion?

PHIL

Sure. Absolutely.

LORRAINE

(smiles)

Great. Will you sing a song?

PHIL

(shrugs)

Do I have to?

LORRAINE

No, you don't have to do anything you don't

want to do. None of these people are professionals,

it's just a hootenanny. But let's face it, Phil, if you

can't sing at a hootenanny you'll never be famous

as a musician.

PHIL

(nods)

Right.

LORRAINE

(smiles)

OK. See ya there if you're there.

PHIL

I'll be there. Nice meeting you.

LORRAINE

You, too.

Lorraine departs. The Waitress steps up and hands Phil the bill, which is 42
cents. He leaves his entire 49 cents.

PHIL

(smooth)

Keep the change, sweetheart.

The WAITRESS snorts and Phil leaves.

DISSOLVE:

EXT. "STUDENTS FOR POLITICAL ACTION" OFFICE - DAY

Lorraine stands in front of the office handing out yellow flyers and demanding
Justice!

A big, green 1963 Cadillac Sedan deVille with very pointy fins pulls up in
front of her and stops. The car's electric window comes down revealing a good-
looking couple in their early 40s. They are Lorraine's MOM and DAD.

MOM

Get in the car, dear, before someone mugs

you.

Lorraine sighs and gets in the back seat of the car.

LORRAINE

(sarcastically)

Thank God, saved at last.

INT. CADILLAC - DAY

Lorraine's Dad guns it and the car pulls away quickly. Dad glances back at
Lorraine.

DAD

Did you forget you were having lunch with us?

LORRAINE

No, I didn't. I tried to, but I couldn't.

Her Mom looks back at her.

MOM

What have you got on your hands?

Lorraine looks at her hands and sees purple stains.

LORRAINE

Ink.

MOM

(smiles)

It's just your shade.

LORRAINE

Yes, it is nice, isn't it?

DAD

So, did you get an early start on solving the world's

problems today?

LORRAINE

As a matter of fact, I did. I think I'll be having a very

big meeting Sunday night.

DAD

I hope you do. But honestly, Lorraine, do you really

think a bunch of college kids meeting in a low-rent

downtown office are going to get those five Negro boys

set free?

LORRAINE

I certainly hope so. If nothing else it will raise people's

awareness of the problem. A line has to be drawn

somewhere.

Mom turns to Dad.

MOM

How did she turn out this way?

DAD

It's got to be your fault, I'm never home.

MOM

You can say that again.

Lorraine points at herself.

LORRAINE

_I'm_ my own fault. And where are we going for

lunch, if I may ask?

DAD

The club.

LORRAINE

(sighs)

Unmitigated decadence, _and_ the food's not very

good.

MOM

You were such a happy little girl, Lorraine. What

happened?

LORRAINE

I developed a social conscience.

MOM

Well it certainly hasn't made you any happier, I can

tell you that. Why don't you go away to Europe

for a while -- say a year -- and make up your mind

there?

LORRAINE

I live here in America, mom. The problems of

America are my problems. And my mind is made

up.

DAD

Your mom's not kidding, Lorraine. You want to go

to Europe for a year, see the sights, go to school,

don't go to school. Anything you want, just say the

word.

LORRAINE

Oh, Dad, please.

DAD

You were accepted to the University of Florence,

weren't you? You loved Italy when we all went

there a few years ago. You ran around the house

talking Italian for months.

LORRAINE

(sighs wearily)

This is such a bore.

Lorraine's Mom and Dad look at each other and shake their heads.

  
DAD

So, Lorraine, how many people are you expecting

at this _rally_ of yours?

LORRAINE

I don't know. About a hundred, I'd say.

DAD

Well, how many chairs did you rent?

LORRAINE

Fifty, but there's twenty or thirty chairs there and

I figure some people can stand.

DAD

How're you getting the rented chairs there?

LORRAINE

(exasperated)

Dad, please, I'll work it out.

DAD

Look, you want to be an organizer and organizers

bring in the people. If they don't bring in a decent

crowd, you'll have to admit, they're not worth much

as an organizer, right?

LORRAINE

(begrudgingly)

Yeah, I suppose.

DAD

OK, how about this? If less than fifty people show

up to your meeting, you consider doing something

else. Anything else. More than fifty and I'll shut up,

for a while. What do you say? But you have to give

me a fair count.

LORRAINE

All I did was agree to go to lunch, I'm not here to

negotiate any deals.

DAD

Just think about it, OK? That's all I ask.

LORRAINE

Whatever you say.

Lorraine sighs deeply, lost in the vast expanse of the back seat. Her hand
goes into her sweater pocket, but she still doesn't have any cigarettes.

  
DISSOLVE:

**[Next Page >](Hammer-p2.htm)**

**1 [2](Hammer-p2.htm) [3](Hammer-p3.htm) [4](Hammer-p4.htm)**

**[** _[Questions or Comments](rules.html)_ **]**

  
B**ECKER**F**ILMS ** S**ITE **M**ENU****

**  
**[ [Main](index.html) ] [ [Film & TV Work](films.html) ] [ [Screenplays](scripts.html) ] **[ [Old Stuff](oldstuff.html) ]**  
[ [Reviews](reviews.htm) ] [ [Articles, Essays & Stories](articles.html) ] [
[Ask the Director](post.html) ]

[ [Favorite Films](movielist.html) ] [ [Scrapbook](imagegallery.htm) ]  [
[Links (& Afterword)](links.html) ] [ [Web Team](webguy.html) ]**

**![](PanoramicCopyright.gif)**

